    • 17 giant spiders crawled over the walls at the same time as the yochol attacked, which is what the rest of the guard was dealing with as we fought
        ◦ Sir Domley, captain of the guard, offers his resignation over the incident, but Lady Renalia refuses it
        ◦ Odo did not manage to get fully undressed, and his clothes are back on.
    • Lady Renalia asks us to act as muscle for her business transactions, but wants to make sure our philosophies align with hers that “the ends justify the means.” She implies that she wants us to get two groups of fiends to fight each other
        ◦ she asks if we know about the Blood War (devils and demons are at war with each other eternally – order vs chaos). Kaz has heard of it and explains it to the group.
        ◦ she mentions that most information about what’s going on in the lower planes has dried up (partly because of the Watchful Voyagers’ defection, but says it seems to go beyond that)
    • Nevaeh tells Lady Renalia about her dad, and she seems shocked that he would act so out-of-character/be controlled by something else
        ◦ Wryth – Nevaeh’s dad’s home plane
    • There’s a war in the Abyss of demons fighting against Lolth. ~2 years ago, all demon lords of the abyss were summoned to the Underdark and to Menzobarazzon (Lady Renalia’s home city), where they fought each other to the death (and got sent back to the Abyss).
        ◦ summoned by a drow mage under Lolth’s influence (who wanted the Abyss to herself, but only controlled the Demon Web Pits), wandered the Underdark, summoned to Menzobarazzon by a group of adventurers, fought each other to death, went back to the Abyss, and now all hate Lolth and have banded together to kill her
            ▪ she doesn’t know who the adventurer’s group was, because there are few reports
    • The demons normally devote all their energy to fighting the devils along the River Styx, but the Abyssal civil war has divided their attention. Ideally the demons destroy Lolth to prevent the devils from overcoming the divided demons, winning the Blood War, and turning their attention to the Prime Material and Upper Planes.
    • Lady Renalia’s solution to killing Lolth is “jink” – Sigil cant for money (onomatopoeia). She buys weapons for those fighting Lolth. Her other project is providing the devils with weapons as well, to prevent the demons from getting an upper hand with their weapons. She’s been doing this through Efrione Treasury and Transfer (an interplanar bank) for over 100 years.
        ◦ Some of those from Arcadia and Mt Celestia disapprove strongly of these methods
    • Lately, her money shipments are going missing in the city. She asks us to shield her shipments through the Lower Ward/Hive Ward to reach the people in the Outlands she’s paying
    • We agree to work for Lady Renalia in exchange for a house in the Lady’s Ward!! It’s near the Temple of Selune, and not far from the Market Ward.
    • Lenessia Tureth (Lady Renalia’s drow secretary) takes Kaz to Lady Renalia’s library on her request. Kaz is entranced by the three floors of books, Beauty-and-the-Beast-style, and spends hours looking for information on the Far Realm. The library isn’t catalogued, and she only finds a few references to the realm, mostly about people who sought it out and went insane or died.
        ◦ “mood” Kaz thinks to herself
    • We take a long rest. Zug has a dream of being completely surrounded by darkness, with dim bioluminescent mushrooms in many colors. In front of him is a TOWERING mushroom that he’s flying toward. He hears a very deep voice in his mind say “I’m waiting for you” and then wakes up
    • The next morning, we walk through the tunnels beneath the Efrione Treasury and Transfer building and hide in an armored money cart. Lady Renalia’s plan is to move the guarded cart like usual, wait for it to get attacked, and have us bust out and capture the attackers.
    • We meet Mr Lorseth (branch manager) and Darrok Longhammer (head of security, a planar dwarf) at the end of the tunnel. We’re led into the armored vehicle garage below street level, pulled by horses (VERY unusual for Sigil). A dozen guards surround it. It’s loaded with cinderblocks so it doesn’t ride too high and look empty. 
    • Andreus Vornian is the guard captain and leader of the expedition. He explains that the last three caravans have been attacked, and that several people have died. They don’t have spellcasters on their unit, but are happy to have us. Nevaeh leads a prayer to Selune for all of us, and we set off.
    • It’s a long, monotonous ride to and through the Lower Ward. Partway through, we turn a blind corner and the cart rocks with an explosion as red flames surround us. The horses and several of the guards lie dead around the cart
    • The bandits are initially cocky, but soon grow terrified by Odo’s flaming sword and the party’s strength. Still they fight on, as if completely dedicated to a cause. A mage on the roof blasts Zug into unconsciousness and yells for the others to slaughter us to avoid witnesses. They continue to attack, but we finally knock most of them unconscious. Zug blights the mage once he stands back up, withering him to a dried husk.
    • Kaz finds a cloth patch with a demonic skull symbol on the wizard.
    • The Sons of Mercy show up and get the story from us about what happened. They identify the patch as belonging to the Doomslayers – a faction banned by the Lady of Pain.
    • A couple Dabu come to move the cart, Kaz shows them the patch and points out the attackers, the Sons of Mercy imply that it is a very bad idea to do, but Kaz can’t understand whatever symbols the Dabu show her in return.
    • We walk back. Along the way, we pass a perfectly orderly street in the Lower Ward completely filled with Modrons called “Gear Street”. The surviving guards tell us that there’s a portal to Mechanus there, and that you can buy various mechanical things on Gear Street. 
    • A little further, one of our guards points to a seedier area of the Lower Ward and tells us to avoid “Hell Gate”, where the beatezu hang out (come from the plane of Beator in the Nine Hells)
        ◦ A whole group of fiends comes out from a theater, arguing in various Abyssal and Infernal tongues. Kaz and Zug catch fragments of Infernal, and hear “Is it really…? Yes, its her. The daughter? The daughter. Right, well. Then we’re agreed. But we can’t let this other force continue to attack us!”
        ◦ everyone calls demons “tenari” and devils “beatezu” in the planes
    • We see an assembly of Lower Ward folk, greasy soot-stained, and shabbily dressed. A person on a crate harangues the crowd “The unholy child is among us! The end is nigh! Prepare your souls and pledge yourself fully and truly to Asmodeus! You’ll always have comrades in arms!”
    • We also see a number of buildings with the same symbol on them (the symbol of Asmodeus)
    • We reach the Noble’s District, and a rich-looking guy comes up to us. He compliments our purple clothes and armor and asks where we’re from. He recognized the symbol of Selune on Nevaeh’s shield and realized we were also from Faerun. He introduces himself as Martin Remsby, from Waterdeep.
        ◦ Nevaeh and Odo don’t recognize the family name, though they’re also from Waterdeep
        ◦ He usually stays in the Azure Iris in the Lady’s Ward, but is about to be out of Sigil on business for several months
    • We return to the bank and interrogate the prisoner. Kaz tries to cast Detect Thoughts on him when he refuses to talk
        ◦ Kaz: “Why were you attacking the cart?” 
          Prisoner: “‘Cause they told me to, imbecile” 
          Kaz: “Who’s your leader? What are their goals?”
          Prisoner: “I’m not telling this person anything”
          Zug: “Where are your masters located?”
          Prisoner: “What does it matter to you? They crave only decay and despair”
          Kaz: Oh? What kind of decay and despair are your masters interested in?
          Prisoner: Freaks out, tries to blank his mind
    • Kaz tries to kick the prisoner to break his focus, misses. Zug wants to cast Chill Touch, but Darrok stops him, because torturing a bound prisoner is fucked up. Zug shoots back that it’s fine, and like Lady Reynalia said, the ends justify the means. Darrok still refuses, saying “not like this”
    • We find out that the prisoner is absolutely devoted to the Doom Guard, and just keeps thinking about his devotion to their creed 
        ◦ Kaz knows their creed from her studies in preparation for her first trip to Sigil: The universe is destined to fall apart and decay, and people who try to stop that are interfering with the natural order and their job, as Doom Guards, is that they should add entropy to the universe and accelerate its decay
        ◦ They have a reputation for cultivating extreme loyalty and devotion in their members
        ◦ The Doom Guard was roundly defeated in their Armory base by the Harmonium (police) during the Faction War. The Armory was destroyed and is still a heap of rubble.
    • Frustrated, the party rests for the evening, resolving to come back in the morning with new spells. Kaz spends the evening trying to find out more about the Far Realm from Lady Renalia’s library (though she’s still unable to do so), and working on her Contact Other Plane spell
    • We try the next day to interrogate the prisoner, but it quickly becomes clear that he only attacked the armored cart because he was ordered, and he doesn’t know much else. We turn him over to the Sons of Mercy to be imprisoned in the 
    • Lady Renalia remarks that it’s odd that the Doom Guard are attacking, since they also want the Blood War to continue since it adds to the entropy of the universe. No one can make heads or tails of it.
    • Kaz asks about the people in the Lower Ward talking about “the daughter” and the preacher encouraging the crowd to join Asmodeus. Zug remarks that it sounds like a prophecy, and Kaz recalls a similar prophecy in one of the Netherese books (The Prophecies of Acorius)
        ◦ The final prophecy in the book is The Eschatology of Hecorius (the Last Prophecy of Hecorius). It’s been partly lost, but the remaining text says “when a fell prince and princess vile in unholy union beget a child… and then shorn of all ruth [ruthless] shall alone remain the mightiest unyeilding lords who with fire and sword shall rule and eschewth weakness and mercy”
    • We decide to go to Mechanus, since Zug has gotten more dreams from Psilofyr. Zug does some research that evening about Mechanus, learns that the best guide for people travelling through are not to break laws or cause disorder, follow all instructions and posted signs, and that everyone can understand everyone else naturally.
    • Nevaeh spends the evening trying to divine her father’s location, but Selune can’t see his location. Odo tries to cheer her up.
    • Odo spends the evening picking up trash, gets stopped at the door of the Azure Iris, is turned away for being weird. As he’s walking back, he stops by a purple skinned woman with horns sitting on the street dealing cards with grotesque pictures on them. She offers to read his fortune, and says he’s “the second born without even knowing it.”
    • Kaz casts Sending to her dad, with the message “Hi Da. I’m back in Sigil, about to go to Mechanus. I’m doing well, and I’ve got friends with me. I love you.” She receives no response, despite sending the message twice in case it failed once.
    • Kaz panics and tells the others what happened. They suggest she contact someone who knows her dad to ask where he is. Kaz burns a charge on the Rod of Drosys to contact an old neighbor, who is shocked to hear her doing magic at all, shocked that she isn’t aware of where her dad is, and tells her that her dad left months ago. Normally a little stingier with the rod’s power, Kaz burns the final charge to contact Angela, who is equally shocked to hear her using magic, and confesses that she saw Kaz’s dad two months ago and told him where she went. Both ask Kaz how she’s doing magic, what’s going on, and if she’s okay, but Kaz has no more borrowed magic to respond.
        ◦ Kaz knows that for her, it’s been two months since she last contacted her dad during her second week at the githzerai monastery and convinced him she was alive.
    • Nevaeh does a divination ritual to ask Selune “If we go to the Material Plane, will we find Erudir Talfen alive?” Selune responds “His whereabouts are hidden, but he isn’t on the Prime Material Plane”
    • It’s reputed that Psilofyr’s mycelia stretches throughout the planes, and that his vision touches anywhere his spores touch




Text RP
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/05/2022
The sky is beginning to darken over Lady Renalia's compound. Inside, Kaz moves about frantically, but without purpose, frantically rifling through her things one moment, then hastily poring over her journal the next. 
"How could he not be on the Prime Material?" she mumbles to herself. "It's not like planewalking is a family tradition"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/06/2022
Nev stays on her knees a while longer. Praying to Selune. For both our dad's safety. "I'm so sorry Kaz." She watches Kaz pacing, unsure of what to do. "Do you have any idea why he would have left to find you if he knew you were okay? You didn't speak too long ago, right? Is he very protective?... Tell me about him" She puts some extremely plush pillows down off the couch and motions to Kaz to sit. Keeping one pillow for Kaz to hang on to and hug, or throw. "Bring your notes, we can all brainstorm too." 
(Lol Nev brainstorming)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/06/2022
(looks at new RP channel name) daddy_quest
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 06/06/2022
(Prolly more storm than brain)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/06/2022
Kaz takes the pillow and hugs it to her chest, sitting down beside Nevaeh "...He might've already been lookin' for me. Angela said she'd talked with him about two months ago, which is right around when I last spoke with him, so he'd have to have already left home and gone to Silverymoon." She sniffles, wiping at her eyes. "He an' my mum always wanted me to experience both sides of my heritage, so he was real supportive of me goin' to the Conclave. Always tellin' everyone how bright I was." She looks up at Nevaeh. "He's not an adventurer, Nev. Not like your da. I mean, he could probably hold his own in a bar fight, but he's always been the sort to try for a peaceful solution instead."
She glances over to Zug "...you said that Psilofyr might be able to see him?"
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 06/06/2022
When I was training at enclave with the lizardfolk, they told me that Psilofyr’s mycelia reach in all directions, through all planes. I don’t know if this meant physically or metaphysically, and I don’t know if this includes Far Realm, since Far Realm seems to be the exception to everything. 
And it’s not eyes, it’s the mycelia. It’s a different sort of sensing. They told me it was everywhere, I didn’t know enough about the planes to ask which ones specifically.
When I try to meld, I can’t quite pull it off yet, but when myconids do it they can tap into a collective consciousness and share thoughts, feelings, memories, experiences. Psilofyr has a much stronger and wider capacity for this melding, so I think there’s at least a chance he could know something, or know where to look and/or who to ask.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/06/2022
Kaz chuckles despite herself. "The Far Realm does seem to be the exception to everything, doesn't it? Despite everythin', it's still a little fascinatin'." Wiping her eyes, she continues "Seein' or not, I just want to find my da and make sure he's safe." She looks over at Nevaeh. "That both our dads are safe. So, let's make a plan to find Psilofyr, so that we can do that and Zug can finally meet his god."
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 06/06/2022
“Yay! Everyone gets to have a daddy!!”
Zug chucks a mush cake underhanded at Kaz “Ya know, there’s no indication he’s even in trouble. He’s just unreachable right now. It could much ado about nothing if he were just preoccupied and not in any danger at all. It’s a thousand reasons other than danger for that. Before jumping to any conclusions let’s work on getting some more info as we make our way to Psilofyr.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/06/2022
Kaz catches the mushcake, turning it over in her hands. "But my da is a musician. He doesn't have the power to shift planes by himself. It would take an archmage or a portal to leave Toril" 
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 06/06/2022
“Kaz, you can planeshift all kinds a ways. You just need to know who to ask, or how to ask. If he’s anything like you, your Da is prolly a lot more wily and resourceful than you’re giving him credit for.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/06/2022
"Well, I can't. There's a whole spell for it, which I've been workin' on bit by bit and-" she realizes that she's rambling and stops. "...thank you, Zug. You're right, my da is clever. He's alive. He has to be." 
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 06/06/2022
“You’ve never been one to jump to conclusions without strong evidence. So why betray your prudent nature now? Let’s clear our minds and focus on getting more info. Then if we find out he’s in danger, we can escalate the alert level. Perhaps the worst thing we could do is get distracted by emotions, we could miss a key clue to solving the puzzle.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/06/2022
Kaz takes a long, slow breath in and out. "Aye, alright. So, how are we gettin' to Mycelia? From what we've heard, there's a portal to Regulus on Gear Street. Given that Mechanus is a plane of pure order, there must be some kind of map of the different gear realms as well."
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 06/06/2022
“Right
So a practical solution is find a map, build a plan, and then execute on it
We can ask Lady Efrione if she knows where we could look first.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/06/2022
Kaz nods. "I'd like to look through her library as well, see what sort of magic can block spells like Sending or Divination"
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 06/06/2022
“Oh wait… now that we have a friend in high places… she would know a crafter who could do something with those purple dragon scales from Terziovoratir!
May his wisdom and fortitude protect us even in death!”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/07/2022
Odo looking pensive "Reckon ya think Kaz if we done be able to talk to that there Psilofyr that we'll be able to travel with ya know when one more of them portals but a new kind ya figure?  Is there a chance that your pop's music is so well known maybe Nevaeh's dad done heard some songs, maybe he went to go see your pop's to get an autograph real quick - kinda like maybe it be a mighty big surprise when Nevaeyuhhh's Dad realizes your the daughter of his favorite musician.   Not sure but that sounds like a mighty happier of a chance to be wrapping the noggin around. "
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/07/2022
Odo nods at Zug "reckon lady our grace what have ya done be that Renalia Efrione might got some good eyes into that.  maybe Athelkara too.  not sure ‘bout Torbald and crew having that info but maybe they done have some insight too but me been having a hankerin they don't and they do done wanna prolly be keeping things quiet since all things done took place...I know them Torbald and company ain't even trust us yet so hmmmm."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/07/2022
Kaz fiddles with the edge of her pillow. “I don’t think my Planeshift spell will be nearly ready by the time we’ve seen Psilofyr, unfortunately. But Sigil is the City of Doors. There must be a portal to whichever plane he’s on, so we’ll just have to find it.”
“As to whether or not Nevaeh’s father has heard of mine… I don’t know. I didn’t think he was well known enough for his music to have reached Waterdeep, but it’s a nice thought.” She smiles hesitantly at Odo. “I suppose you both would know better than I would. Have you ever heard of Erudir Talfen before today?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/07/2022
(I'm thinking I've not heard of him. And in order to have met my dad he'd have had to run across him close to 30 years ago. But maybe DM can weigh in.)
John Dungeon Master — 06/07/2022
(You’ve never heard of him)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/08/2022
Odo thinks hard
(Odo's probably never heard of him either)
"Reckon, yer ol' pops Mr. Talfen probably have fun putting together some melodies of sorts with that there bone-lookin-whistle-flute-thing-with-them-beady-eyes that Nevayuhhh done has!  Maybe when we all get a chance to spend some time together. Be mighty nice to have some sounds and more of that there stew ya done say be a family recipe, 'Miss Talfen'” Odo slyly grins, briefly addressing Kaz as ‘Miss Talfen’
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/08/2022
Kaz tugs at a lock of hair, looking a bit embarrassed. “…in my defense, I wasn’t using my real last name because I was tryin’ to prevent my da from hearin’ I wasn’t where I was supposed to be. Which obviously didn’t work out too well. Gods I’ve gotten so used to “Planewalker” it’s weird hearin’ “Talfen” again.”
She gives Odo a small, but genuine smile. “I’m sure he’d be happy to make us some stew and play us a tune. I’m not sure he’d appreciate that creepy flute, but maybe he could use it to protect himself if he ever has to. Assumin’ you’re willing to part with it, Nevaeh”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:21 PM
She sighs, expression falling. "Gods I'm worried about him. I don't know how you've done this for so long, Nevaeh"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:41 PM
“Maybe it's different because we weren't physically close, me and my dad. Just spiritually close. Almost like maybe... If you lose the voice of your conscience. You'd feel it missing but your life would still move forward without it. I mean, we weren't that disconnected but, you know. He didn't get to tuck me in at night growing up like your dad did.” She puts her arms around Kaz's shoulders “We'll find him. We found my dad, right? And he's a freaking Eladrin who was actively being hidden away by magic! Finding your dad should be easier, I hope. I think.” She starts to get lost in thought. “I have faith we'll find him.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:55 PM
Kaz nods and hugs her back. "I have faith too. We'll find our families, and we'll get to show them our new house!" she grins, a little teary-eyed
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 4:12 PM
“My Spore Sense has been tingling ever since I started having those Mushdreams the other day. I'd bet a dozen fresh Limbo mushcakes that Psilofyr's gonna set us on the right track for our DaddyQuest!”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:25 PM
“I hope so. And even if he doesn’t know where our families are, at least you’ll finally get to meet him, Zug.”  She shifts in place, turning to face him a little more. “You’re finally getting to meet a god. Your god. How does it feel?”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 4:37 PM
“Wow. Good question. I mean, I guess it's kind of cool to get beckoned by a GOD, right? That must be a good thing, right? If Psilofyr wanted to smite me for being a bad little kenku mushboy, then I'm sure they would just do it remotely and I wouldn't be here wondering as much.”
“I mean, I'm sure it'll be fine, right Odo?” Zug rubs the back of his head with his shillelagh a little nervously, looking for some reassurance “Psilofyr's probably just a... fun guy??”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:45 PM
“I've always felt very close to Selune, of course, but I can't image what it would be like to see her face-to-face. I'd be shakin' in my boots.” She looks at Zugg “Excited though, very excited. heh.”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 4:53 PM
“I mean, what's the worst that could happen? Get the life sucked out of me and my essence incorporated into the Infinite GodMind Psilofyr Mush-hive? Then the drained husk of my mortal body dumped unceremoniously into a ditch?? Or perhaps just turned into a mindless spore servant?!??!!?”
As Zug speaks, his voice gets louder and more urgent until it reaches an ear-piercing screech, and he raises his arms to the sky as if waiting for a response to his rhetorical questions... after a moment of heavy breathing, he clasps his cheeks innocently, his wet eyes quivering with hope 
“... do you think I could ever be so lucky?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:04 PM
Kaz just stares at him. “…maybe?”
“I’d miss you if you left now, though. Maybe you could… wait a bit?”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 5:09 PM
“Well, I suppose that would be all up to Psilofyr, wouldn't it? If I DID become a spore servant, then maybe I would become one that could still go with you! I mean, that's kinda like what I am now, aren't I? Hey, wait a sec... am I a...? Hmm...” Zug puts one hand on his hip and strokes the bottom of his mask pensively
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:15 PM
“Aye, you are!” Kaz says, immediately latching onto his line of reasoning. “And you’re not dead, so there’s no need to fill you with even more spores just yet.”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 5:16 PM
“Are you sure though? It sounds so heavenly, don't you think?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:17 PM
“Um…” Kaz looks desperately at the others for help. “Maybe to an acolyte of Psilofyr it does.”
She forges on, “regardless of your potential… apotheosis… how should the rest of us behave? Does Psilofyr expect offerings, or prohibit certain things in Mycelia?” 
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 5:40 PM
“If I had to guess I’d say its gonna be a lot like Dankseep vibes. But honestly, I dunno. No one knows. There was nothing in any of Lady Renalia’s books on Mycelia, nor Psilofyr, other than an acknowledgement of their existence.
And that in general the inhabitants of Mycelia do not like visitors, they prefer to be left alone.
However… I got a special invite! So I’m sure it’s fine if I bring a +1… or a +3, as it were.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:54 PM
Kaz looks uncomfortable, but nods slowly. “I’d rather you didn’t have to go alone. And I suppose Psilofyr can tell us at the door if we are unwelcome”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 6:01 PM
“So many unknowns!! Now this is what I call an adventure. I’m so glad to have you with me.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:02 PM
“Glad to be here. I’ve seen more planes in the past year than I’d ever dreamed of seeing in my life!”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 6:23 PM
Odo nods and smiles
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 6:33 PM
"I'd done reckon that even if Psilofyr might be a fun guy, reckon Kaz be right, ya shouldn't done be doing this alone. - Can't have ya done becoming a spore servant -I done recall what done did happen to Amwin Regald...granted, I done know Dankseep Colony got infected and New Dankseep Colony done didn't...but still... " Odo looks to Zuggtboy
