    • Nev casts Commune on the evening of the 29th of Eleint (Just after we get our gifts from Lady Renalia, and 2 days before the wedding)
        ◦ Is Tinkerreach still being pursued?: No (though she can’t see everything out there)
        ◦ Can we trust the kenku that are in our home?: Yes (confidently)
        ◦ Is Lolth really subdued?: Yes
    • Kaz lets Tinkerreach know she’s not being actively pursued. Tinkerreach thanks her, but it’s clear she’s still upset that she had to flee her home.
        ◦ Kaz also tries to cast Contact Other Plane and spy on Asger through the mythallar, but is unable to handle the mental strain
    • Luna and Twilight ask Smutlana what happened to her after she escaped Ranjat the first time. She explains that her memory is hazy right up until the moment she ate the demon mushroom.
        ◦ Luna says that all they knew about Lana’s mission was that Ranjat was testing the anti-demon-possession dust on Lana. It didn’t fully work, since Lana still got possessed by a demon mushroom, but she DID had free will and could remember everything that happened to her while possessed.
        ◦ Ranjat got the dust from a merchant who looked “like a man, but taller and with blue skin.” Kaz is reminded of some of the people she saw in the auction at Arcadia.
    • Nevaeh casts Legend Lore and describes Wilbur Ursina of East Amphail. She learns that Wilbur Ursina was the last of the Ursina Lords of East Amphail. It was said that in times of tumult when the land was threatened, the Ursinas would take the form of a great bear and defend the land. Wilbur Ursina, along with his entire family, died under mysterious circumstances and were replaced by distant relatives, but persistent rumors say that they were not truly related by blood. The rest of the party hears Nevaeh whispering the story as she drifts in a divinatory trance.
    • Odo mentions he has a suspicion on who poisoned Wilbur Ursina, but doesn’t want to share the suspicion with the rest of the party in case the information hurts them. Kaz convinces him to share.
    • Odo starts off by rambling, coming to terms with the fact that he’s about to betray his dad’s trust and tell the party what they discussed during their secret chat. He thinks his dad wouldn’t want him to place his friends at risk by keeping secrets. He explains that there’s always been a curse on the family, one which terrifies his mom. He says there’s a very good chance that Asmodeus himself could be coming for the group. There was a time when the Falcanspurs were making deals with devils. Odo’s great grandfather, Jeramo Falcanspur, sold his soul to Asmodeus for Lordship. In addition, the firstborn male child in each generation would be taken as part of the deal.
        ◦ That’s partly why Odo was talking to Akin at the Friendly Fiend. He was trying to understand what was up with the family curse
        ◦ Odo wonders if Asger is his brother, but the party doesn’t see the family resemblance.
    • Othar also told Odo that his mother was descended from the Ursina clan. He found her after he realized that there was a survivor of the Ursina clan in the north. He wound up marrying her and hoped that her legitimacy would end the curse on his heirs (it didn’t, but he hopes that the curse will be ended for Odo’s children).
    • Lana asks why we can’t just kill Asmodeus. Odo seems equally clueless. Kaz is so shocked that she can’t even speak, and just gestures at Nev to start explaining while she gets her words back. Nev explains (and Kaz is eventually able to chime in) that Asmodeus is basically the Devil, ruler of all devils, and WAY more powerful than they would think to take on.
    • The party decides to take a break from all the grim news and just enjoy the wedding preparations and festivities. Everyone except Nevaeh goes out shopping for wedding gifts. Odo gets a Bytopian bottle (which holds two liquids without mixing them) and some Elysian wine to fill it (which he says is from Lana). Kaz gets a figurine of Selune and enchants it with Magic Mouth to say a prayer when its head is touched.
        ◦ “May Selune guide your steps in the night and lead you to a new dawn” – a typical Selunite prayer, which Kaz enchants the statuette to say
    • Nevaeh goes out to help prepare for the wedding. She sees Priestess Asara looking visibly anxious about the wedding and the chapel, but she cheers up when Nev arrives. While she’s there, a lawyer comes by to officially make Nev a witness to the wedding.
    • The party rests for the night, then excitedly makes their way to the wedding the next morning. Music is playing from the chapel, and the acolytes are letting people inside. Raif Donly and some of his friends from his time in the Harmonium are in dress uniforms outside. Priestess Asara will be processing to the chapel with Lady Renalia, since her own parents are dead.
    • The chapel is filled to overflowing with guests, some of whom are from other planes. The happy couple stands near the font of holy water at the back of the temple, where an enchantment casts moonlight down from the dome down into the water. Both of them lay bouquets of moonlillies in the font, then turn to Nevaeh (who looks more serious than she’s ever looked in her life) as she begins the ceremony. She gives a lovely prayer to Selune, asking her to bless the marriage, and leads the ceremony through the ring exchange, the vows, and the casting of the spell Ceremony.
    • We notice that one of Raif’s friends doesn’t seem to be paying that much attention to the ceremony. Instead, he’s looking out at the crowd and scowling, but trying not to make it obvious. Lana notices that he’s scowling at Lady Renalia, who’s sitting on Priestess Asara’s side of the audience.
    • The ceremony concludes with a kiss from the happy couple. Everyone applauds and celebrates, except for Raif’s friend. Lady Renalia announces that the reception will be held at her home. Lana slips after Raif’s human friend and overhears him tell Raif’s tiefling friend “I’m telling you she’s no good. She’s a thief and she helps demons!” The tiefling responds “Okay, but keep it cool for Raif’s wedding. It’s his big day, don’t be a jerk”
    • We walk through the front door of Lady Renalia’s mansion, through the enormous entry hall with a marble mosaic of various Faerunian plants on the floor, and into a lavish banquet hall. Nev is seated at the high table as the wedding officiant, while the rest of the party is seated with some of Priestess Asara’s other friends at a lower table. A minotaur-looking tiefling (Nal) sits beside his wife, a silver-haired fae (Cresta). They’re members of the Sensation Guild, and have travelled across multiple planes.
    • Kaz notices that Raif’s friend is still glaring from the high table, excuses herself from her seat, and subtly casts Detect Magic. She sees various Abjuration enchantments on the building and people around the room carrying magic items. Some of Raif’s friends are carrying magic items, including the angry one. He has an Abjuration necklace around his neck and a small round Evocation object in a pocket. He himself doesn’t seem to be enchanted, or disguised with magic.
    • Kaz returns to the table in time to hear Nal’s surprise that the party didn’t know Lady Renalia was a member of the Sensation guild. Kaz smoothes it over by explaining that they didn’t want to pry into their employer’s business, and learns that Asara is also a member. Nal lets us know that if we want to join the guild (and we seem like a perfect fit, since we’re such big travellers), we should stop by the guild hall.
    • The Sensation Guild is sometimes called the Entertainer’s Guild, and is a former Faction. Civicfest Hall is their HQ, a massive building that spans several blocks in the Clerk’s Ward. Their members love to have new experiences, good and bad, and the guild keeps a comprehensive portal registry. The actual faction still exists with an HQ on Arboria. Nal claims there’s no faction business going on in the guild hall, but he definitely implies that SOMETHING hidden is going on. He also implies that the guild hall is a good place to hide from one’s enemies.
        ◦ The factal (faction leader), Erin Darkflame Montgomery, visited Sigil recently. She was one of the factals that the Lady of Pain imprisoned in her infinite mazes, but rumor has it that the Lady released some of the factals for good behavior/having served their time. Pentar (factal of the Doom Guard, she/her) had also been released from the maze. The Sensation Faction hasn’t resumed activity in Sigil, since they’re still too scared of the Lady of Pain’s wrath.
        ◦ Cresta mentions that the first layer of the Abyss contains The Broken Reach, a destroyed fortress. The Temple of the Abyss in Sigil connects to the ruined fortress, though he doesn’t recommend using it due to the risk.
    • Meanwhile, Lady Renalia compliments Nevaeh on leading an excellent service. They chit-chat for a while with the rest of the table. Lady Renalia tells a joke, the rest of the table titters, and Raif’s friend shoves his chair back and storms away from the table. Raif’s other groomsmen make excuses for him and his “bad day,” and one takes off after the angry man. Lana and Odo sneak after him. Lana turns into one of Lady Renalia’s dogs and gets close enough to overhear the second man say “It’s almost over. Just get through it, I know you can.” She’s almost grabbed by Orwyn the butler (who doesn’t want the dogs wandering around during the reception), runs around the corner and turns back into herself just in time to tell off Orwyn for “letting the dogs run around”
    • Tomaris (angry guy) has sat back down. Lady Renalia looks over and says “So Mr. Esden. What’s this I hear about the recent incident in Arcadia with your organization?” Sensing impending conflict, Kaz immediately steps in and walks up to the table, thanking Lady Renalia for hosting such a lovely event. She keeps up the conversation for several minutes, long enough for Tomaris to go back to his food. Lady Renalia then taps her glass and announces dancing in the next room.
        ◦ Tomaris is wearing Harmonium gear. Kaz assumes that the “incident” has to do with the party’s exploits with the Harmonium in Arcadia.
    • Captain Legaire Cloudsilver finds Nevaeh at the party. They chat about the ceremony for a bit, then meet up with Nal, Cresta, and a few other friends. Raif Donly is still talking to his groomsmen, and it’s starting to get heated. We glean that there’s some tension under the surface in this group, though it’s not obvious to those who don’t know what’s going on. Lana overhears Raif say “Her heart is in the right place, Tom. I don’t know what you’ve heard, clearly wrong though. I know her.” Tom replies “She deals with demons. Demons.” Eventually, Raif throws up his hands and goes back to dancing with Priestess Asara
    • Odo manages to reach Lady Renalia through her throng of friends and admirers and convince her to dance with him. She’s a good dancer, but Odo manages to keep up and does a great job as well.
    • Kaz dances and mingles for a bit, then meanders toward the band. They’re good, with instruments from across the planes, some of which Kaz hasn’t ever seen.
    • Nev and Cpt Cloudsilver share a dance. Nev points out Tomaris, and the captain notes his Harmonium garb. He also recalls the party’s encounter with the Harmonium, as well as the time the Harmonium attacked and heavily damaged the Rainbow Wing as it was picking up anti-fiend weapons.
    • The whole crowd accompanies the happy couple to the front of the house, where a silver carriage awaits to take them to their honeymoon. Priestess Asara throws her bouquet over her shoulder, and Kaz uses Mage Hand to knock it to Nevaeh, with a pointed smirk in Captain Cloudsilver’s direction. Nev catches it deftly, and the crowd sighs happily. Asara’s niece had also really wanted to catch the bouquet, so Nev hands it off to her.
    • As the other dignitaries begin to leave in their own carriages, Lady Renalia comes to congratulate Nev on catching the bouquet (Nev gives Kaz a little wink, which she returns). Suddenly, a voice cries out “Now!” from the back of the entrance hall and a cloud of black smoke engulfs the crowd.
        ◦ Tom was standing with his fellow Harmonium soldiers where the entry hall meets the banquet hall, under the dome. Lana saw him throw the smoke bomb and yell.
        ◦ Notably, the 5th groomsman (Meltavio) isn’t participating in the chaos.
    • Kaz, with a lucky nat20 on initiative, immediately runs up to Lady Renalia and teleports them both to safety on top of the compound wall around the back of the house. Nev watches a Harmonium soldier run past her into the smoke with a glowing sword, waving it around but unable to find his target. Odo trips another groomsman/soldier, Daveth Wheelwright, and hears that he’s wearing armor under his clothes. Lana grabs Tom, but he casts a spell and hamster-balls her. Ludin (the dwarf groomsman) literally flies out the door and spies Kaz where she’s hiding with Lady Renalia, so she teleports them both to a side entrance out of his sight and tells the lady to run to her panic room while Kaz rejoins the rest of the Far Flung Fellowship.
        ◦ Kaz notices that the Harmonium soldiers aren’t speaking to each other, but are looking at each other in a way that suggests they’re communicating telepathically.
    • Odo, Lana, and Nev beat the shit out of the Harmonium, while Kaz makes her way over. Overwhelmed, the Harmonium start running. Vorish grabs Tom and teleports them away. Ludin flies to the wall where Kaz and Lady Renalia were, then flies away into the city. Daveth Wheelwright conjures a spectral steed and rides through the open front gates. They clearly had an escape plan.
    • Lana destroys the spectral steed with a well-placed Erupting Earth. Odo and Kaz chase after him, and Kaz traps him with Mental Prison. He sees blackness surround him, with milky white tentacles occasionally breaching the eerie darkness, and screams. Lana and Odo run up and start trying to knock him unconscious. Every time they hit him, he sees another milky tentacle reach out and smack him.
    • Lady Renalia’s guards run out, followed by Meltavio (who’s horrified at what his friends have done). Kaz tosses Odo the planar manacles. “Don’t worry” he says, and winks at the guards as he slaps them onto Daveth’s wrists. 


Text RP
John Dungeon Master — 12/28/2022 10:01 PM
You see Lady Renalia come out with Captain Cloudsilver and the deputy guard commander and trailed by a troop of heavily armored guards. The deputy commander is saying that he is sending someone to retrieve Commander Donly but Lady Renalia says “no, no, let them have their honeymoon in peace… I’ve brought this on myself….”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/28/2022 10:03 PM
Kaz looks away from Odo and the now bound prisoner. "Lady Renalia. Glad to see you found the guards"
John Dungeon Master — 12/28/2022 10:03 PM
She turns to you and says, “you are a lifesaver my dear”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/28/2022 10:04 PM
She bows, blushing slightly. "We all would have done the same"
John Dungeon Master — 12/28/2022 10:06 PM
She looks around and says, “Is everyone alright?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/28/2022 10:11 PM
Kaz nods, looking at the rest of the party and at the remaining guests to check on them
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 12/28/2022 10:28 PM
Smutlana pokes the unconscious Davith with the knob of his staff. "Let's squeeze this one for information."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/28/2022 10:51 PM
Nev looks to the captain “Everyone make it out alright? I hope the little ones aren't going to be too traumatized. Thank you for doing that.” She looks to the Lady “Kaz has saved us a few times that way too.” She grins
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/28/2022 11:15 PM
Kaz blushes harder, her face beginning to match her hair. “Aye, I hope they’re all okay” she says, slightly strangled and unsure how to accept the compliment, but clearly grateful for it.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/28/2022 11:17 PM
(Nev would have just run in there and like...thrown herself on top of Lady R and that would have been way less fun)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/28/2022 11:19 PM
(I love Dimension Door so much)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/28/2022 11:20 PM
(I bet lady renalia has a higher ac naked than Nev does, she seems pretty dexterous, so that would have been extra hilarious)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/29/2022 12:02 AM
(if I recall correctly it was pretty high when she got attacked the first time we met her)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:06 AM
(I appreciate that I've accidentally fallen into a pretty useful ally with the captain lol who doesn't need a friend with a ship and a powerful, rich woman backing them)
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 12:17 AM
Cloudsilver says “I didn’t see anyone injured.” He looks around and then turns to Renalia. “There may be more of them about, my lady, I think it would be best for you to return to the house for now”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:19 AM
“We can help do a sweep. I can fly over again.”
(AND NOT SEE ANYTHING)
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 12:21 AM
The deputy commander says “Thank you for your input Captain, but the lady’s security is MY responsibility” Turning to Renalia he says, “My lady it’s my opinion as acting chief of security that you should return to the house.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:22 AM
Nev stifles a laugh
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 12:24 AM
She says “yes yes one moment” and walks over to the unconscious Harmonium agent. “This was very well done, I have a mind to offer them an exchange”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:28 AM
Nev pipes up, curious. “An exchange for...what?”
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 12:34 AM
“My good friend, whom they abducted”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:38 AM
“I hope they want him back that bad.” She pushes at him with her foot, then looks at Lady Renalia “How do you think he's holding up over there?”
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 12:40 AM
“I can’t imagine they would harm him”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 12/29/2022 12:41 AM
Smutlana pops a squat for a moment of meditation, then leaps into the air melodramatically to become a Mushowl
flying around to observe even miniscule movements, advantage on perception roll
(rolled 22, gonna stay up there for awhile)
(flying around)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:45 AM
Nev looks to Lana and smirks - her gold wings appear and eyes glow 
(Following Lana for the minute I'm able to. Can the captain fly?)
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 12:45 AM
(You don’t really know)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:47 AM
She's gonna put out her hand and say "Join us?"
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 12:55 AM
He smiles slightly, hesitates a moment, then says, “Well, I suppose it would be a good idea to have a look” and manifests a pair of white spectral wings
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:55 AM
(hell yeah)
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 12:57 AM
(Lol)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:57 AM
(I hope his perception is better than mine)
(Okay, Lana got a 22 perception and I just rolled a 24. Better late than never? Anything weird around here?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 3:10 AM
(Since you guys will wake up before me and I have more to add to my flying excursion, wall o’ text incoming.)
Noticing Lana flying around like a pro, almost looking like the legit predator owls are, maybe 20 seconds into the flight Nev says:
"Sigil looks stunning from up here. So alive. And look at the temple," She points. "the wedding decorations, the magical moonlight. Beautiful."
"Speaking of..." She says, glancing at him directly and then catching herself with a blush. Nev refocuses. 
 Nodding at the white spectral wings in an obvious way - cuz that's totally what she was talking about  "They're beautiful." She looks back down and around for anything unusual in the area but really just trying to hide her very red face. (Nev probably only paid attention to scouting out the area for a total of 30 seconds.) 
Then as they're coming back down, assuming he's only got a minute too -  "I wasn't sure if, you know, you could (fly)... And you captain ships that fly too." quietly "Fascinating." 
(Gonna try to land on the steps and see if I can find the bouquet, which I assume was dropped in the panic somewhere.)
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 9:35 AM
He just says, “yours are far more bedazzling.” He lands as well
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 12:56 PM
(so nobody saw anything up there?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/29/2022 1:07 PM
Relieved that no one seems injured, Kaz has turned her attention to examining the unconscious man.
(I’d like to search his pockets/person for anything useful or incriminating)
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 6:47 PM
He was carrying 43 silver coins in a small leather pouch, a white pebble about 1” in diameter, a small knife, a tin flask, and a small metal charm with a sun burst motif that looks like a religious symbol of one of the sun gods
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/29/2022 7:02 PM
Kaz steps to the side, allowing Lady Renalia’s guards to take the prisoner. She moves closer to the wall, where it’s a little quieter, and spends a few minutes casting Detect Magic
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 7:22 PM
Lady Renalia heads back in the compound. The deputy commander, whose name is Traznin Dvoor (half drow), says to some of the guards “Carry him in and lock him up.” The guards pick up the unconscious Davith and carry him into the gate house
As the rest of the guests emerge, you see the guards are out in force all around the walls and on the streets in the surrounding area. The Sons of Mercy have also arrived with about three dozen heavily armed troopers. You gather lady Renalia is a significant benefactor.
Many of Lady Renalia’s guards had in fact been attending the wedding, some with their families, because it was their commander’s wedding, and so they were caught without weapons etc.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/29/2022 9:12 PM
(I mean, she's lucky Odo was there with his fists at least.)
(Was the bouquet around? I wanna give it back to the flower girl if I found it - and just check all the guests to make sure nobody needs any healing or anything)
John Dungeon Master — 12/29/2022 10:52 PM
Yes you find the bouquet
The girl who was trying to catch it was the eldest niece, Meya. The flower girl was the youngest, Kayi. They and their other siblings are sitting on an ornate, finely upholstered couch in the receiving room with their parents who are helping them calm down. There’s obviously been some crying.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/30/2022 1:32 AM
Nev will try to comfort her and the rest of the kids and give the probably trampled flowers back. Maybe cast a light cantrip on them to make them glow, for flavor. "Selune watches over you, little one." Then she'll help out wherever else is needed. 
(Is Lady Renalia looking like she wants to speak with us? Or is she more like 'Everybody can get the fuck out now' 😆)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/30/2022 11:46 AM
Kaz would assist Nev with the comforting. She’d do a few magic tricks with Minor Illusion or Prestidigitation, similar to those she saw her friends doing when she was little
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 12:35 PM
Meya stands up excitedly and says to Nevaeh, “Aunt Asara told me about you, are you really an angel? Your hair is so pretty!”
The other kids are now watching Kaz do magic tricks
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/30/2022 1:20 PM
Awkward smile "Um, I try to be." She watches the magic too
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 2:12 PM
Lady Renalia comes up to the family and apologizes for the disruption. With her are Capt. Cloudsilver, Linnesia, and Orwin, with a few elite guards trailing behind looking alert.
Nal and Cresta, come through from the banquet hall and Nal says, “Renalia, Leagair, so glad you’re alright! Renalia you’ve always had an eye for talent, thank goodness!” Gesturing to the four of you
Cresta says to Nevaeh, “Oh priestess, I don’t believe we’ve met, we were seated with your friends, I’m Cresta and this is Nal. The ceremony was so nice and so was your flying! And that bubble of moonlight you made!”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/30/2022 2:19 PM
(as Kaz does magic tricks and Nev looks in awe lol)
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 2:20 PM
Asara’s brother is saying meanwhile, “at least they waited for Rafe and Asara to leave first. Yes, thank you again all of you” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/30/2022 2:21 PM
Nev will just smile and introduce herself. "Nevaeh Moonstar, pleasure to meet you two. I hope your table was entertaining."
"Such considerate criminals."
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 2:21 PM
Nal says “oh yea! Entertainment is our business after all, hahaha!”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/30/2022 2:22 PM
Nev does not understand how deep that comment goes so just gives a courteous chuckle.
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 2:54 PM
Nal says, “if any of you ever need tickets to anything at the fest hall just ask for one of us and we’ll take care of it! There’s a wonderful Githzerai ballet playing in the Elloweth theater now that I highly recommend.” Then he turns back to Lady Renalia who seems to be turning to leave the room and says, “you know Renalia, if the hard heads keep coming for you, you’re always welcome to hide out in the sanctum. You could have Erin’s old rooms!” He chuckles heartily 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/30/2022 2:57 PM
Nev perks up at "Githzerai ballet". "I'd loooove to see that, I might take you up on that."  (Alicia would also like to see the Githzerai doing ballet lol)
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 2:58 PM
As lady Renalia turns to leave she says, “oh I’ll be fine… I’m a survivor” and she gives a side eye glance back at the group and winks before sweeping out of the room with her attendants
Everyone else takes their leave and disperses gradually
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/30/2022 3:02 PM
As she's leaving Nev is going to return the ribbing and rib Odo about his dance with Lady Renalia. "For a brief moment there you'd almost think you grew up a noble." Then, genuinely, "That was nice to see. I think she had fun too."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/30/2022 3:15 PM
(Can I insight check Lady Renalia’s comment? It seems like there was another layer of meaning I’m just not catching)
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 3:15 PM
(Sure)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/30/2022 3:16 PM
(11)
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 3:18 PM
(You get the impression that she  appreciates the offer but doesn’t seem to take the idea seriously)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/30/2022 3:24 PM
Kaz remains focused on entertaining the kids when the nobles appear, though her ears do perk up when she hears about the Githzerai ballet. With a final flourish, she makes a shower of harmless golden sparks rain down over her audience and bows.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/30/2022 3:26 PM
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 3:27 PM
They all smile and the parents are able to collect them and head home.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/30/2022 3:28 PM
Kaz flops onto the couch immediately after they're all out of sight. "Uuuuuugh, nobody told me magic was this taxing"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 12/30/2022 3:29 PM
(Smutlana didn’t see anything up above?)
John Dungeon Master — 12/30/2022 3:30 PM
Nothing indicating the presence of the attackers
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/30/2022 3:35 PM
She turns toward Nevaeh and grins. "Thank ye for the enthusiastic applause"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 2:17 PM
(So we'll start at Lady renalia's still?)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 2:18 PM
Odo has a half grin, turning into a smirk
"Welllll Lady Rrrreeenallleeeeyyyyaahhh done be a mighty quick footed dancer - done was nice to get in some footwork before all that there chaos broke out, I suppose"
