    • We head over to the Fest Hall in the Clerk’s Ward, passing through the Guild Ward and toward the lower rim of the torus. The Fest Hall is a huge cylindrical building at the corner of Fest Hall Way and Crystal Dew Lane, with a tall spire that we can see even from a distance. We notice that all the decorative motifs are sensory-themed. Performers, street artists, food stalls, and other tents line the roads as we approach.
    • Inside the entry hall are greeters wearing badges with a symbol reminiscent of the building’s decorations. The hall itself is tall and marble-columned, with tapestries and paintings all around. Kaz gets directions to the guild office, and the party signs up for membership. We learn that we’ll be basic members, and that we can become higher tier members by working for the guild (e.g., as a greeter), making a sizeable donation, or being famous enough to get elected.
        ◦ We learn that the building was constructed hundreds of years ago, it took 100 years to make using marble imported from the planes, and no expense was spared in building it.
        ◦ If we’re looking for a portal to a particular place, someone in The Hall of the Great Wheel might know
    • We enter the guild office and head up to the counter to sign our names in the book. The party is agreeing to the statement of the guild’s philosophy by signing up, which is displayed .
        ◦ the multiverse only exists to the extent at which it can be sensed, and to sense the multiverse is to understand the multiverse.
    • The Hall of the Great Wheel is an enormous hall, with archways leading off from the central chamber to other rooms corresponding to the outer planes (each with a mosaic showing scenes from that plane). In each room are guides wearing yellow hats who can 
        ◦ Our guide recognizes our world, Abeir Toril, as the home of Roan Darkwood (an antagonist in the Faction War, everyone hated him by the end of it), but can’t recall any specific portals there.
        ◦ KAZ WANTS TO WORK THERE
    • We go to see Cresta, (who, it turns out, is on the guild council). She excitedly welcomes us to the guild and gives us a tour of the Fest Hall.
        ◦ there’s a whole wing dedicated to sampling the cuisine of the multiverse
        ◦ there’s a wing of lecture halls and classrooms
        ◦ there’s several large theaters in separate buildings
        ◦ there’s the Sensoria, magical rooms where you can experience a sensation recorded by someone else in a recording stone. There are some rooms where we can all experience a recorded sensation together as a group. If we want to record our own sensations, the guild members can set us up with a room and a blank recorder
        ◦ there’s the Sanctum, the heart of the faction’s headquarters where the factal lived and held court. It’s a kind of palace in the building’s center.
            ▪ Erin Montgomery is still the factal of the actual faction, in the Gilded Hall in Arcadia
    • We head into the Sanctum by touching a magical sculpture of a face and teleporting into the innermost offices. We meet Nal there, who’s also excited to see us.
    • A young, very attractive man pushes a cart of sensate stones past the door, pausing a little too long to look at Nevaeh’s hair. The party asks Nal and Cresta about him, and learn that his name is Kyr, he thinks he’s being chased by a LOT of demons, and that he’s living in the guild hall so that he won’t be found. Kaz and Lana immediately assume he’s Fredryk, but Nev and Odo weren’t paying attention. Nal and Cresta think it’s a bit strange that we’re all so interested in him, but we smooth things over as best we can and they don’t seem upset or unwilling to let us speak to him.
    • We record a few of our own sensations for the guild. Lana recorded our trip through Mycelia, aided by the group. Nev records parts of our trip to Arboria, like flying on pegasi. Kaz records the group’s arrival and initial trek through Agathys, since few people survive the trip and she feels like it’s her duty to record the experience. Odo records some of our time in Akkaron
    • We hop back out of the sensory recording rooms. Cresta has moved down the hall and there’s a few other guild members taking care of the sensate stones around us, but we don’t see Kyr. Lana hears Kyr in the sensate storeroom near us, but he freezes up in fear when we go to talk to him. Kaz introduces the party and gives Nevaeh’s full name, and telepathically clues Nevaeh in about the situation. Kyr seems on the verge of a panic attack. Nevaeh blurts out and asks if he’s Fredryk, and he fully panics and runs past the party as Cresta appears behind the group.
        ◦ before Fredryk bolts, Odo tries to memorize his scent, but can’t quite sort past Lana’s shiitake and sake smell, Nevaeh’s clean scent, or Kaz’s ozone.
    • Nev desperately runs after Kyr, wanting answers. Lana teleports in front of Kyr and grapples him, and he starts screaming for help. Kaz and Odo manage to reassure Cresta that 
    • Cresta casts Calm Emotions on the entire room. Lana lets Fredryk go, and he stands near his friends, worried we’re demons but slowly starting to believe we’re not. Nevaeh gets on her knees in front of him to beg for his help, and he hesitantly asks if she’s really “his daughter.”
    • Cresta explains to the gathered sensates who we are and what’s going on, excited to find out that we know each other. Fredryk finally agrees to speak with us, though he remains a little wary of everyone who isn’t Nevaeh. He brings us to his room, a converted closet filled with a few of his abstract paintings.
    • Fredryk bursts into tears and apologizes that he couldn’t save Nevaeh’s father. After Nev comforts him (also crying) and Kaz pours them both some wine, he manages to calm down. He pulls out a sensate stone from a box beneath his bed, and offers to show us what happened.
    • We enter the delux Sensorium again, this time with Fredryk, and focus in on the stone. Our consciousnessess are drawn into the experience. We’re in the Gray Wastes, looking at a resplendant and healthy Branaris wearing a dark camoflaged cloak. He’s crouched behind something, as are we. We see a female figure wearing a dark cloak with purple trim walk through a portal ahead of us. The vision changes, and we get the impression of walking through a city like the one in the portraits – a blue glow, with searchlights crossing the dark buildings. There’s a cacophany of sound around us, and we see the female figure enter a pink building from where we’re crouched and hiding. The vision shifts to show a dark tunnel with a little bit of light “This is it. It should take us to the basement” He casts a spell and it forms a new tunnel into a dimly lit room. “Wait here, I’ll see what’s in there” Branaris goes down the tunnel, and just as he enters the room, two six-armed black figures snatch him and magically subdue him. They’re female tenar’ri, and not humanoid. “We’ve got an interloper” one figure says, and we hear a feminine voice above say “bring them to me.” The vision shifts, and we feel panic as we run through the streets, pursued. We dive through a portal and come out of the vision.
        ◦ Kaz can tell the city is a lower planar metropolis, and suspects that tenar’ri/demons live there, but can’t quite place which plane it’s on.
        ◦ Kaz DOES recognize that the woman’s dark purple cloak is the exact same as the one Asger’s companion wore when he captured her dad, but the voice doesn’t sound the same.
    • Kaz thanks Fredryk for sharing such a difficult memory. He’s grateful, and explains that Branaris wanted to go after a servant of Shar. Branaris thought she was going to the city of Zeletar, where Fredryk used to live. Fredryk offered to go along as a guide, not thinking it would be as bad as it was. They made it to Zeletar and the pink building, which Branaris didn’t recognize. He wanted to see who she was meeting with. Instead, he got captured, the woman realized that he wasn’t alone, and Fredryk got chased out of the city by basically every tenar’ri around
        ◦ Zeletar is one of the more famous cities in the Abyss, and is quite heavily connected to the other planes. It’s relatively safe for people to visit, and you won’t just automatically be killed. It’s a city of sin, like Las Vegas. It’s in the layer of Asegrat, ruled by Graazt. Fredryk explains how to reach it.
        ◦ Fredryk tells Kaz that it’s unusual for the whole city to get summoned to chase someone down like that, and that it typically only happened if someone stole something from a high-ranking demon/Graazt himself, or an enemy spy appeared. Kaz theorizes that perhaps the Sharin cultist went there to meet Graazt.
    • Odo asks how long ago the events occurred, and Fredryk explains that it’s been over a year.
    • The woman was a high-up servant of Shar, but Branaris didn’t tell Fredryk any other specifics. The demons she was working with were also very powerful, to the point they could probably breach the Fest Hall if they wanted
    • Kaz apologizes for scaring Fredryk earlier, and he says it’s okay – he was just panicked that they were demons in disguise.
    • Nev asks how Fredryk came to be in Arborea. Fredryk explains that he didn’t used to be very nice. One day though, he walked through what he thought was a normal door and fell through a portal to Arborea, staring up at Branaris. He tried to get away, but Branaris was much too powerful and didn’t let him. Then, Branaris was just nice to him, and he had a change of heart.
    • Nev establishes a Sending connection with Fredryk, and realizes as she stares into his eyes that he’s probably thinking that she looks like her dad.
    • Odo recalls that Nev needs an item that has been in a place to find that place again, and asks Fredryk if he’s still got mud on his boots from the pink building. Fredryk doesn’t, but offers up a bracelet that Branaris made him, which he was wearing when he was infiltrating the building. (will work for Find the Path. Also, when we go to Zeletar, use Find the Path to find our way back to our exit portal)
    • Kaz, Odo, and Lana say goodbye to Cresta and thank her for the wonderful tour. Nevaeh hangs back to ask Fredryk if Branaris ever talked about her and her mom. Fredryk says that he did, all of the time, and that he was happy and sad when he talked about them.
    • We grab dinner at the Fest Hall, then head home. Kaz casts Alarm on the house as she does every evening, then tries to cast Contact Other Plane and goes insane again. Nev casts Commune and speaks to Selune.
        ◦ Even though I believe in what Fredryk said, can I trust it?: Yes (though much of what he talked about was dark to divination)
        ◦ Is Fredryk safe now that we’ve found him?: Unclear
        ◦ Will Fredryk be safer with us at our house?: Unclear (but leaning toward no)
            ▪ She gathers that it’s because our house is not nearly as warded as the Fest Hall
    • The following morning (Eleint 2), we portal to Neverwinter, then Lana teleports everyone through trees to the edge of the High Forest where the party saw Kaz’s dad off. Kaz leads the group, humming a few songs that the party gathers her dad taught to her. Lana conjures Sporses (mushroom “spore horses”) for the party to ride, and they travel the two days it takes to reach Kaz’s village. The party occasionally passes bands of elves and hunting centaurs, who are friendly.
    • On the second day of travel, the party hears some snarling off to the left of the path. The trees are thick, plunging the party into a deep gloom. As we move forward, the snarling becomes a chorus of snarling creatures. Lana can tell they aren’t natural. Kaz hops off her sporse and the whole party gets ready for a fight. Dozens of unnatural creatures (dretches) burst out of the darkness and surge toward the party.
    • Odo throws his sword through one, and it bursts into demonic ichor. Kaz casts Sickening Radiance and blasts a bunch more into ichor. Nev bonks one of the dretches with her new mace, but not hard enough to kill it because she rolled poorly on damage didn’t want to get ichor on it.
    • The party slaughters the dretches pretty easily. Odo licks up a bit of the ichor and is immediately poisoned.
    • Worried, the party hurries up the path toward Kaz’s village. They meet a few of Kaz’s neighbors along the way, who are surprised to see her. She warns them that the party had come across demons along the path, and they say they’ve heard tell of such things in the forest (though far from Torthyr). They decide to go back to the village instead of continuing down the road, and the party chats with them (with Kaz and Nev as translators) until the party reaches Torthyr


Kaz put Shatter into the spell-storing ring



To do: 
- ask Kaz’s dad about elvish ruins/legends about a mirror that could reach outside the cosmos or draw unimaginable power
- give Kaz’s dad the amulet of Proof Against Detection and Location
- TELL GANTH THAT SHAR CULTISTS WERE INVOLVED IN Branaris’ DISAPPEARANCE (possibly working with high-level tenar’ri like Graazt)
- keep spying on Asger
- look into the Conduit some more (ask about elvish ruins with Commune? Was Drosys on Faerun when he found the Conduit?)

Text RP
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/09/2023 8:39 PM
Torthyr towers above the party, rope bridges connecting treehouses that seem almost engulfed by the trees they're built around. Kaz leads the way up the closest set of stairs, excitedly pointing out local landmarks as the village comes into view. "The tavern's in the center of town, just down this bridge an' to the right, and Greenleaf's - uh, that's the general goods store - isn't far off. Everyone here is like family with each other, but we don't get too many non-elvish visitors, so you'll probably get some very curious children comin' up to ye askin' questions." 
She pauses for breath. "Is there anywhere you'd like to see first? Or..." Kaz lowers her voice to a playful, conspiratorial whisper, pointing downward and deeper into the forest. "Over that way a' ways, by the creek, is where the 'Distinguished Adventurer's Club' held its meetings. Perhaps you'd like to be inducted?"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:09 PM
Odo's eyes widen
"WOULDYA LOOK look at all them rope bridges and all, like little homes in them there trees all up high!"
Odo looks up
"It like, well, if ya did done have yerself a bees’ nest that ya done did wanna get some honey outta, well shooot, yaa'd just be right there, like right outta that there house in them trees!"
Odo looks to Lana
"Lana, speakin' of that there honey, me be a thinkin' we could get mighty 'meady' with dem yeasty-bidness at some point"
Odo hmmm'ing
"mmmm honey..."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:21 AM
Nev is almost shaking with excitement. (Like a kid on Christmas trying to figure out which package to open first)  "This place is absolutely incredible." Her eyes glisten "I want to do everything!"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:13 PM
“Right! Well, let’s start up here, then, since we’ve already climbed all the stairs. I’m sure Da will be happy to see you all again. He’ll probably be at the tavern…” She grins wider as a realization strikes her, turns to a nearby trunk, and calls out in Elvish. “Oy, Éire, is my da over at the Hearthstone?”
“Yes,” an ancient voice replies after a moment, emanating from the trees all around you. “He’s waiting for you”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:25 PM
“Did the.... trees talk?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:30 PM
Kaz nods. “Technically, Éire is one tree. All of these trunks come from the same root system, a little like mushrooms.” She grins at Smutlana as she starts walking across one of the rope bridges toward the village center. “They were awakened centuries ago, when people first moved here. Torthyr is built around Éire, and Éire grows around Torthyr.”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:53 PM
“Kaaaz!” Erudir calls from a platform built high in a mighty forking trunk above and several trunks over. He seems to have just emerged from a treehouse structure there and is waving down at you.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:59 PM
Kaz's smile stretches wider, filling her face as she waves back excitedly. "Da! We're here!" Out of magic and unable to teleport, she runs along a maze of wooden paths, rope bridges, and hanging ladders until she reaches him and throws her arms around him.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:12 PM
“So good to have you back home, Kaz! Are you here to stay?”
Several other elves emerge from the Hearthstone and gather around to greet kaz
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:28 PM
Kaz greets them as well, equally joyful. Her smile falls the smallest amount at the question, but it's barely noticeable. "Uh, no, not yet. I still have to help Nevaeh find her father."
She turns back to see where she's left the group in her hasty sprint, and calls out directions to her current platform. "No, no, the ladder on your other left!"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:44 PM
Erudir looks a bit crestfallen
But tries not to show it
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:45 PM
"Oh, got it. Coming!" Nev shakily crosses the rope bridges, trying to be swift but is not confident in her own dexterity Looking back to Lana and Odo "You guys see how fast she did that??" 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:13 PM
Odo is impressed at Kaz's prowess / dexterity in the trees
"Dang right! So fast, it like she done had coals touch her feet! I’mmma make my way up"
Odo slowly but surely makes his way up, juggling equipment as he goes.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:45 PM
When she finally makes it, she says "Hello! Wonderful to see you again Erudir, and looking so well!" She gives a little curtsy to the others gathering around "Hello, I'm Nevaeh Moonstar, pleased to meet you."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:49 PM
Just then, two fully grown but very youthful-looking adolescent elf girls come running across the adjacent bridge. “KAAAZ!”
(Kaz recognizes her two friends Lorelei and Rhyleigh)
Erudir deftly steps out of the way to avoid a collision and smiles with paternal warmth watching the reunion of the friends 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:35 PM
Kaz squeals and hugs them back tightly. “Oi! You’re back in town!” She pulls back just enough to grin at them and whispers just loudly enough for those around to overhear. “We’ve got club business.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:10 PM
Turning, she gestures back toward the rest of the party. “Lorelei, Rhyleigh, these are my friends Odo, Smutlana, and Nevaeh.” She points to each person in turn as she says their name
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:24 PM
"Hello! We've heard stories about you two, it's awesome to see you in person!"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:18 PM
Odo smiles nods, outreaches a hand towards Erudir
"Erudir, mighty good to see ya again sir, and I be quite glad ya ain't 'jaded' too much from our last time a meetin'"
Odo has a coy smile but cheerful
"It do done be a really great pleasure to be visitin' ya Erudir! And many thanks to having us here too!  I done been wanting to visit this area since Kaz be a’ tellin' us about it when we was having your family stew recipe from a chest - BUT SEE now I, now I just can't contain myself with excitement about the real traditional one!"
Odo chuckles a bit
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:41 AM
“It’s a pleasure to meet you all,” Smutlana coos breathily, as per usual.
(are there any acorns or seeds laying around? Smutlana would like some to gather some)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 11:51 AM
(The trees here are all part of one giant clonal aspen grove. There are a few windborne seed on the walkways here and there. But most were released already)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:30 PM
(How's the weather here at this time of year?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:41 PM
(Pleasant. The end of summer/beginning of fall is still hot, but it's cool under the forest canopy. It can be a bit brisk in the mornings/evenings though) 
John Dungeon Master — 01/11/2023 11:41 PM
The two elf girls look around at the party and say “hello” and “greetings” in the common tongue. Then Rhyleigh, who is dressed in a light leafy green tunic of durable embroidered elven silk and matching leggings, turns to Kaz and says in Elvish, “your Da’s been tight lipped about what you’ve been up to” she glances back at Nevaeh’s splint armor and weapons and says quizzically “are you… mercenaries?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/11/2023 11:44 PM
She shakes her head, responding in Elvish. "We're adventurers. Y'know how I went to the Conclave and was studyin' other planes? We've actually been to some!”
“Also, they can understand ye, they just can't speak Elvish. Well, Nev can, and I can translate for the other two"
John Dungeon Master — 01/11/2023 11:51 PM
Erudir says to Odo, “And I’m very glad to welcome you here. I’m not sure I follow what you mean by “stew from a chest” but I’ll make my favorite stew and then we’ll see which you like better”
Lorelei says “Planes, like Arvandor?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/11/2023 11:54 PM
"Aye" she nods. "It's beautiful"
John Dungeon Master — 01/11/2023 11:55 PM
They look at you in wonder trying to gauge whether or not you’re messing with them
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/12/2023 12:02 AM
"Seriously, it's true! I've got-" She rummages through her bag. "Well, I haven't got anything from Arborea itself, but look! I've got a glowing dagger!" She pulls out the rainbow dagger, showing it off without brandishing it.
John Dungeon Master — 01/12/2023 12:08 AM
“Wow”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/12/2023 12:50 AM
Odo nods smiling at Erudir 
"Well sir I be a mighty obliged to try them there stews of yers, darn tootin, reckon I lookin' forward to it." 
Odo smiles
"Ahhh yeah that there stew chest!" 
Odo scratches his tuffs of coarse chest hair and chuckles 
"At least that there wasn't stew on my chest"
He chuckles, looking at Erudir
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/12/2023 12:52 AM
Nev speaks in what she realizes now is very rusty Elvish "Kaz has been the best planes guide we could have asked for. She knows so much about...well everything!"
John Dungeon Master — 01/12/2023 2:19 PM
Rhyleigh says to Kaz, “You’ve.. changed so much… is it true you’ve learned to work magic?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/12/2023 2:47 PM
Kaz smiles gratefully at Nevaeh. “And I’m just as glad to have you lot with me when we’re out there.”
She nods to Rhyleigh, a little hesitant, but also relieved. You gather she wasn’t sure how to bring it up, and is glad that she doesn’t have to. “Aye, I can do a few of the tricks you used to show us. Or, well, similar ones at least” She lets a few purple sparks float around her fingers.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/12/2023 5:01 PM
(Are they wearing any visible weaponry, or wands or anything?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/12/2023 5:11 PM
(Rhyleigh has a sprig of holly tucked into her belt but I’m not sure you’d assume that was a weapon)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/12/2023 5:11 PM
(She just likes Holly.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/12/2023 5:13 PM
(Kaz also assumes it's not a weapon)
John Dungeon Master — 01/12/2023 6:27 PM
Seeing the sparks, she does a little twirl lithely and snaps her fingers above her head and a shower of cherry blossom petals falls around you. Lorelei says “show offs”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/12/2023 6:30 PM
Kaz laughs, catching a few petals in her hand. She gestures to the Hearthstone Inn with her closed fist. "Why don't we head inside and get somethin' to eat? If I'm hungry, Odo must be starvin'"
John Dungeon Master — 01/12/2023 6:40 PM
The elves agree and head inside
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/12/2023 6:42 PM
As they enter, Kaz pulls her dad aside and hands him one of the amulets of Proof Against Detection and Location. She keeps her voice low. "Da. I got this for ye. It'll make it so that the man who trapped ye can't find ye with magic. Would you please keep it on?"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/12/2023 6:45 PM
Odo's eyes wide eyed
"STEW TIME?!?!"
Odo athletically gets to the inn 
( 28 Athletics Check )
John Dungeon Master — 01/12/2023 6:46 PM
(In what way do you wish to demonstrate your athletic prowess?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/12/2023 6:47 PM
(put your hands on top of the doorframe and swing into the building like a middle schooler 😂)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/12/2023 6:55 PM
^^^ ( like that way but more crazed and wild eyed ...like cheerful raging but not raging 🤣😂🤣 )
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/12/2023 6:56 PM
(boisterous)
John Dungeon Master — 01/12/2023 6:57 PM
The elves all look amused but some look a little bit wary of strange humans
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/13/2023 12:50 PM
Nev will just walk in like a normie.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/13/2023 1:21 PM
Odo's eyes dart around the Hearthstone Inn, sniffing deeply, big ol’ flaring nostrils with a big ol’ smile
(What's it smell like?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/13/2023 7:28 PM
Erudir starts singing and playing a cheery song on his lute
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/13/2023 7:41 PM
Kaz hums along as she procures food and drink for the group, bringing it to a table near the stage. 
John Dungeon Master — 01/13/2023 7:50 PM
An important, elderly (but strong and hale looking) elf enters the hearthstone. Kaz recognizes Ildar, the warden of the Vale, a leader of those who defend the village against threats. He approaches Kaz and says, “Welcome back, young Kasma. I’m told you reported abominations of some kind assailing you on the north way. I must trouble you for your tale.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/13/2023 7:56 PM
Kaz smiles and hugs him. “Hello Ildar, it’s good to see you again. I’m happy to tell ye everythin’ I know, but I’m surprised to see fiends in the Forest at all. When did that start?”
John Dungeon Master — 01/13/2023 8:17 PM
“Rumors of their presence have been abroad for months now. The beasts and trees have whispered of vile things creeping and tramping through the woods. Reports have grown more frequent.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/13/2023 8:18 PM
Her smile falls. “Does anyone know why they’re here, or where they’re all comin’ from?”
John Dungeon Master — 01/13/2023 8:26 PM
“We know not.”
“But it is said by the wise that such creatures are sighted more and more from the Silver Marches to Shining Sea, and across Faerûn to the far East.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/13/2023 8:47 PM
“Is the village prepared if they make it here?” Nev looks around at the quaint Inn
“Oh”
“My apologies.” She stands up and introduces herself. “Pleasure to meet you.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/13/2023 9:01 PM
Kaz nods thoughtfully. Briefly, she summarizes the Far Flung Fellowship’s encounter with the fiends, the approximate size of their pack, and their relative strength, speed, and hardiness. 
John Dungeon Master — 01/13/2023 9:46 PM
He turns to Nevaeh, and greets her and says “We are always vigilant, and there is power here.”
To Kaz he says, “So close…”
“Thank you. I marvel though to hear that you and your companions were able to annihilate such a pack and yet come here unscathed.” 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/13/2023 10:06 PM
She blushes slightly, but responds confidently, “I’m glad we were able to stop them before they took more lives”
John Dungeon Master — 01/13/2023 11:59 PM
“Let your hearts be at ease now. Torthyr is safe. May your merriment be ever-flowing.” Then he turns and leaves. Erudir’s song reaches its resounding conclusion on the tonic note, which he holds for a kind of silly length, and then the room applauds. 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/14/2023 12:38 AM
“Now that we can do.”
(Nev is SO dancing whenever it makes sense. And maybe once when it doesn't.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/14/2023 9:02 AM
Kaz laughs, smiling once more at her dad’s antics. After quickly finishing her food, she joins Nev on the dance floor.
John Dungeon Master — 01/14/2023 11:20 AM
(Any other specific things you want to do here?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/14/2023 11:20 AM
(Around what time is it?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/14/2023 11:20 AM
(Evening)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/14/2023 11:22 AM
(okay, so maybe we go to the super secret clubhouse tomorrow)
“Where will we be staying tonight?” She looks at Kaz
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/14/2023 5:36 PM
Kaz thinks for a moment. “Probably here. My old home really only has Da’s room and my old room”
She brightens. “I’m sure he wouldn’t mind if you all wanted to see it though”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/14/2023 7:07 PM
“Tours in the morning?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/14/2023 9:06 PM
“Sounds like a plan”
John Dungeon Master — 01/14/2023 10:25 PM
So the party goes to bed in the guest rooms at the Hearthstone. As you’re going to sleep, a pale beam of light from the waning moon filters down through the treetops, reflects off of the fish pond on the forest floor, and enters the east-facing window of the room Nevaeh is in, casting strange elongated shadows on the ceiling. Whether it’s a simple hypnogogic hallucination or something… more, you’re not sure, but you get a strong feeling that the shadows for a moment looked like a tall dark tower.  Then, as quickly as it came, the light vanishes as Selûne’s face moves behind the leaves.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/14/2023 11:52 PM
(Do I have any idea what that was?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/14/2023 11:52 PM
(Make a wisdom check)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/14/2023 11:53 PM
(19)
(rolling a wisdom check for myself and googling the word hypnogogic)
John Dungeon Master — 01/14/2023 11:54 PM
Your heart tells you it was an omen. A vision of something that could be important.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/14/2023 11:56 PM
She whispers to herself, “Hm...Okay,” and rolls over to try and go back to sleep
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/15/2023 12:48 AM
I feel like in that moment Nev feels lonely. Missing her family. Seeing stuff nobody else sees. Thinking about what's to come.
John Dungeon Master — 01/15/2023 2:00 PM
So everyone wakes up on the 4th of Eleint
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/15/2023 2:46 PM
(adventure time!)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/15/2023 3:50 PM
(Is Kaz's village mostly elves? or is it equally half-elves? like how hardcore elf is this place)
John Dungeon Master — 01/15/2023 3:50 PM
(I believe it’s basically all elves)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/15/2023 4:00 PM
(How does Smutlana feel here? Being our outsider in most situations… cuz of the feathers and whatnot 😂)
John Dungeon Master — 01/15/2023 8:17 PM
The elves here seem equally welcoming to everyone, in fact seeing Smutlana’s mushroom-laden gear at the inn last night, a couple of the elves who are experts in forest herblore were asking Smutlana about some of the varieties on the hat, etc.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/16/2023 12:45 PM
(well pure elves in general are among the cunt-iest racists available, but these are halfsies right?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 12:47 PM
(Nope! They’re full elves. I didn’t want to have Kaz come from a racist background, so maybe Smutlana has heard some unfortunate rumors about elves, or maybe he’s used to the sort of elves that would deal with Ranjat)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 12:48 PM
(the visual difference is just ear size, right? for full vs half?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/16/2023 12:48 PM
(Half elves look a bit more human in general)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 12:48 PM
(Ear size and facial features, yeah)
John Dungeon Master — 01/16/2023 12:48 PM
(Male half elves can grow beards)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 12:48 PM
(okay less angular)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/16/2023 12:49 PM
(A tall dark tower? In dungeons and dragons?!) 🚨🚨
John Dungeon Master — 01/16/2023 12:49 PM
(Lol)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 12:49 PM
(I mean, it is our first time experiencing one I think)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/16/2023 12:50 PM
(Yeah, well we’d better not go in to investigate. Could be monsters in there.)
(And treasure.)
John Dungeon Master — 01/16/2023 12:50 PM
(In fairness, towers are a popular structure type and many are both tall and “dark”.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 12:51 PM
(Lightbulbs haven’t been invented yet, of course it’s dark)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/16/2023 12:52 PM
(Dungeons and dragons and towers.)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 12:52 PM
(Curious to find out where said tower is)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 12:52 PM
(Same)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/16/2023 12:53 PM
(Zeletar isn’t it??)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 12:53 PM
(That’s a pink tower, though it might be just because shadows can’t turn pink)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 12:53 PM
(yeah, we're not SURE)
When Nev wakes up she would have shared her vision with the group, away from the ears of others around.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 12:55 PM
Kaz nods slowly. “Could be the tower we’re lookin’ for. Did ye get any other impressions from it? Was it dangerous? Was something waitin’ inside?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/16/2023 12:57 PM
“We need to make sure to get some objects about and or from the tower. And wear infallible disguises.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 12:58 PM
(Did I get any other impressions from it? lol)
John Dungeon Master — 01/16/2023 1:00 PM
(It was really just a thing you though you saw in shadows for a moment)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/16/2023 1:01 PM
“We also need to be aware of escape paths when running around. Ideally we don’t want to be seen going back into the portal used by the Sensation Guild if we’re running away. They’ll know where to look for us in that case”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 1:03 PM
Kaz nods. “Right. We should also grab somethin’ from the portal itself, so we can find our way back to it. From Crysta’s description, the city is hard to navigate, and we don’t want to get lost while runnin’ from danger”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 1:04 PM
"Good ideas."
"Who do they worship here, Kaz? Um...if anyone, anything."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 1:10 PM
Kaz chews her lip. “I’ve got a couple things to ask Da, but after that…” she grins. “How would you all like to join the Distinguished Adventurer’s Club?”
John Dungeon Master — 01/16/2023 1:11 PM
(The elves have a whole pantheon)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 1:12 PM
She looks over at Nevaeh. “Oh, most of them follow the Seldarine, but there’s a fair few of a more Druidic bent”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 1:17 PM
(Nev should probably know at least a bit about other gods or panetheons, if she was a better student lol)
John Dungeon Master — 01/16/2023 1:17 PM
(Definitely)
(Even just living in the world you would know about the Seldarine. They have a big temple in Waterdeep)
(Not all elves follow them but it’s usually a good bet that they do)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 1:21 PM
(The second paragraph, THANK YOU. Silly humans.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 1:28 PM
(Exactly!!)
She shrugs. “Da and I went more often before Ma died. Afterward… well, it was hard hearing about an Elven afterlife and wonderin’ where she’d ended up. I’ll still make an offerin’ while I’m here, but I feel a bit closer to some of the human deities who’re watchin’ over her.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 3:38 PM
"Maybe our moms are meeting up to talk about us. Mine didn't mind a bit of gossip every now and again." hehe
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 3:40 PM
Kaz laughs. “I bet they are. Ma was always keen to talk with other folks. I bet she’d get on with your ma”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 3:42 PM
“How was your mom's elvish? They could help each other brush up haha”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 3:44 PM
“Oh Da taught her a fair bit. I’m sure she’d love the chance to use it again”
Her brows furrow. “How’d your ma learn it?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/16/2023 3:48 PM
“A bit from my dad, a bit from me running around ‘practicing’ what Jandar was teaching me, and just… life I guess.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/16/2023 3:58 PM
She nods. “Ma taught me Common - well, with Da’s help - and Da taught me Elvish. I took a few classes in Celestial and Infernal as part of my degree, an’ picked up the rest in taverns.” She twirls a lock of hair around her finger. “The Deep Speech I learned right after I found out I had a pact, to try to communicate with my patron. Turned out to be unnecessary, since Exilicor pretty much only communicates telepathically, but it did feel… easier to learn after I’d made contact? Or maybe I was just more motivated”
John Dungeon Master — 01/16/2023 7:28 PM
(There are a number of types of elves in Faerûn. Some are kind of xenophobic but not wood elves: “Unlike many of their kin, wood elves felt that their fates were inextricably tied to those of Faerûn's other races and they made no effort to pull away or isolate themselves.”)
(https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Wood_elf)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:51 PM
The morning sunlight glinting around the yellow early autumn leaves gives them the appearance of gold.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:01 PM
Kaz takes a deep breath as she steps outside, letting it out slowly as she enjoys the sights and sounds of home. After a moment, she turns and smiles at the rest of the party. "So! This mornin' I figure I can show ye around my old home, and then show ye around the local wilderness. There's my old clubhouse, as well as a few spots I know the local druids favor for Lana. How's that sound?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:07 AM
“Sounds like a plan!”
(Will Kaz be talking to her dad first? I assume she stayed with them while the rest of us stayed at the Inn?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 3:43 PM
“Oh I cannot wait to meet some of the Druids here and see their favored haunts! They’re the least cunt-iest Elves in all the planes here, Kaz. Blessed are those who can treat a dirty little kenku with even a modicum of dignity.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:17 PM
(Yeah, she’d talk to him first, but it’s not a secret conversation, so if y’all wanted to say it took place later in the day that’s cool)
Kaz looks a bit confused, but happy to hear Lana is enjoying herself in Torthyr. “Aye, they’re good folk here. As for druids, Rhyleigh is the one to talk to - she’s training to be one”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 6:40 PM
Nev leans over to Kaz and whispers "Kaz, what's that word mean? Lana uses it a lot and I've never asked so... now I'm too afraid to ask." ( 😂  )
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:42 PM
Kaz lets out a snort of laughter, which Nev gathers is directed more at the situation than at her. She whispers back "It's like... someone who gets their power from nature, the way you get yours from Selune"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 7:19 PM
"Ohhh, so because Lana gets their power from nature it makes them 'cunt-y'? I get it now." She’s totally oblivious
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 7:28 PM
“Don't confuse the poor thing any further, Kaz, you ought to know better. By the holy spores of Psilofyr, Nevaeh, it means they're racist fuck heads like for no reason. I mean who in their right mind would speak ill of the Darling of the Lady's Ward, yours truly, Smutlana Smutwhisper? The slander of it all! I've got the sweetest mushcakes in all of Sigil... or at least that's they write in the bathroom stalls at the bathhouse.”
“Then again that could just be Odo, since apparently it's all in his handwriting.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 7:43 PM
"...Who's sayin' that druids are cunts?" Kaz asks, having lost the thread of the conversation.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 8:17 PM
(Kaz be like “I said what I said”)
(oh "are" haha not "aren't")
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:17 PM
(god now I want to change my message because that's even funnier)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 8:18 PM
(adds to the confusion)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:18 PM
(I was so tempted to go with "that's not all they're writing on the bathroom walls" but I don't think Kaz is that sexual)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 8:19 PM
(John's coming back to make a big facepalm. I can feel it)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:20 PM
(oh yeah)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 8:25 PM
“Well nevermind cunts, let's talk to Rhyleigh and be off. We'd better be making our way back to Sigil soon and prep for the trip to Pink Tower of Doomzzzzzz”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:27 PM
Kaz holds up her hand, counting off each event on her finger as she lists it. "Get a proper tour, talk to Rhyleigh, and then go back to Sigil."
