    • Kaz casts Warp Sense for 5 mins while Lana scouts out the hallways for better places to hide the party. Devils continue to search the upper and lower levels of the catacombs for the Far Flung Fellowship
        ◦ Left door: rough-hewn hallway carved of Sigil stone, with another passageway on the left of the hallway a ways down. The distant passage appears to be the entrance to a catacombs.
        ◦ Right door: much larger, much scarier-looking devil with a spiked whip, which walks away down the right passage
    • Lana returns at minute 6 and informs the party of what he’s seen. We decide to try to sneak to the left, but aren’t stealthy enough to avoid the devils hearing us from the right passage. We slip into the catacombs and lose our pursuers with a well-placed caltrop toss distraction by Lana.
    • We hide in a few burial nooks in the catacombs, but another devil manages to find us and yells out “I found it!” to alert the others. The party quickly slays the bearded devil, then slips deeper into the catacombs, away from the scene
    • Lana finds the party a better hiding spot behind a false wall. Kaz realizes she can cast Warp Sense and see the building from the spot.
    • The spell completes. Kaz senses a portal in the first direction she looks. She remembers the drow general being tossed through the air in Zeletar and begging for death, and knows that if she can’t find the informations she’s looking for, then she, her friends, and everyone else in the planes will be in the same boat. With that in mind, she (burns inspiration for freeing the drow, and) focuses through the arcane whispers bombarding her to determine where the portal goes. The portal goes to the Abyss, the layer of Voortz, to the city of Zeletar, in the Dark Flame neighborhood (which is where we saw the pink building). The portal key is a silver spoon.
        ◦ Got a nat 20 with the advantage. Totally worth it
    • We slip out of our hiding place and sneak toward the extraction point. We make it out of the catacombs and back into the sewers before we encounter a party of searching devils and have to run. We sprint away until we reach Ganth and the others, who pull us out of the sewers and into an alley. Ganth teleports us back to our home.
    • Ganth says that the devils must go back and forth between the pink building in Zeletar and the formerly abandoned factory in Sigil. He’s shocked to hear that we got the black rings off of devils, rather than demons and yugoloths (the only ones who had been seen wearing black rings previously), because it implies the two sworn enemies are working together.
        ◦ the big devil (beatezu) with the whip is a cornucon
        ◦ Kaz also mentions that the Yugoloth sentry expected to see the devil Archduchess Glasya soon.
    • Ganth leans back, and for once we can see that even for an elf he’s extremely old. He murmurs the name “Grenpoli” to himself a few times, looking pensive. 
        ◦ Kaz knows Grenpoli is a city in the 7th hell of Maladomoni. It’s a city of diplomacy where devils go to learn advanced methods of deceipt and subtlety so they can get better at separating mortals from their souls and navigating the political machinations of the hells. It prohibits any form of violence, and weapons are forbidden in the city.
    • The paper fragments Kaz pulled off the garbage pit wall are manifests and lists of goods. One of them mentions a delivery location in the Hall of Debate, which is in Grenpoli. They seem to be planning something for which they need fiendish luxury goods (stuff that very wealthy nobles would own, like extremely rare delicacies, and fiendish stuff like buffet-sized quantities of viper wine vintages).
        ◦ Ganth believes that the stuff is more characteristic of things that tenar’ri nobility (demons like those from Zeletar) would enjoy. It implies that devils in the hells are catering to demons.
    • Ganth says that it’s too risky for Torbold to come hear the news now, and makes sure that none of our servants or guests are listening in. He says he thinks that the connection between the pink palace and the works means that the black ring fiends are using both locations. Ganth expects Archduchess Glasya to be in Grenpoli in 7 days, for some big secret event. They expect that it’s a negotiation between her and Balzebol, but there could be more than we know.
        ◦ Torbold is probably either on a mission, or 
        ◦ Archduchess Glasya is ruler of Malbolge. She’s daughter of Asmodeus, ruler of the 9th
    • We agree to meet Torbold and someone else tomorrow at noon, who will be necessary to send us to Grenpoli in 7 days. The new person will be able to disguise us as fiends, even to those with Truesight.
    • Kaz and Odo go shopping to replenish their supplies. Nev’s cousin Muriel (another cleric of Selune) reaches out to Nev, on behalf of Lord Falcanspur. He says that Odo is needed, because something bad has happened. Kaz assumes that Asger may be targeting Odo’s family since we stole his shit.
    • We go to sleep early and wake up at around antipeak (midnight), then head to the portal to Neverwinter. Nev casts Word of Recall to get us to the Sanctuary of the Moon (located in the House of the Moon) in Waterdeep, and we head over to Odo’s family home. There’s a contingent of fully armored and armed guards outside, from Sir Gondrian’s forces. We head inside to see Sir Gondrian himself, alongside Odo’s haggard-looking father.
    • Othar explains that the Falcon’s Roost was attacked by a tribe of ogres, and burned to the ground. Jandar, Marshall Blackheap, and many other servants and retainers Odo and Nevaeh have known their whole lives have all perished. The invaders broke into Othar’s secret office and stole his safe and his sword. Sear’rebellion was the one to bring the message back to Othar, but had lost an arm in the process.
        ◦ Sear’rebellion says the ogres were led by an ogre mage (an oni), which used fireballs and a pre-planned attack to destroy the house. Othar thinks they were hired, and the oni seemed to be looking for particular things to steal. The sword belonged to Othar’s wife, though Othar wielded it for a time. It was inherited from her ancestors. Othar tells Odo in private that the safe had a copy of the contract that Odo’s great grandfather Jeremo made with Asmodeus.
        ◦ Odo knows that ogres don’t live in East Amphail, or gather together, or march for over a day to reach a place (as these ogres must have), so it’s clear that someone has masterminded this raid intentionally.
    • Odo brings the party down into a seldom-entered wine cellar so the group can talk privately (particularly about the Falcanspur devil contract)








Text RP
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/14/2023 7:04 PM
Kaz leans back against the cool stone wall of the wine cellar. “I don’t feel comfortable puttin’ off our meetin’. With the fiends allying and preparing for what I can only assume is a war on the Upper planes, time’s of the essence.” She shifts, reaching into the bag of holding and pulling out a tuning fork. “I understand the theory behind a Planeshift spell, and I think I’m final powerful enough to cast one.” She sounds a bit incredulous, as if she never expected to say those words. 
“I think I can shift us back to Falcon’s Roost after our meeting. We’d have to find a door out of Sigil first, but that shouldn’t be a problem. Do we have a way back to the door we came though to get here?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/14/2023 10:28 PM
"Can you really do that? Do you think? Oh man, I'd love to see that."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/14/2023 10:32 PM
She grins, wide and open. "Only one way to find out, and I've always wanted to do it"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/14/2023 10:38 PM
"Any chance we end up on the ethereal plane or something? stuck in a stone wall? That'd be funny...or terrible...hmm"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/14/2023 10:40 PM
"No chance of endin' up on the wrong plane. You need a tuning fork attuned to your destination as part of the spell, or it doesn't work. We shouldn't end up stuck in a wall, but if I specify somewhere vague, like 'the city of Waterdeep', we could end up anywhere in or near the city"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/14/2023 10:53 PM
eyes wide "coooooooool"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/14/2023 10:53 PM
Kaz drums out an excited beat on her journal. "Assumin' I can pull it off, I could show you how to do it?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/14/2023 10:54 PM
"That would be amazing! Oh my goddess, yes! Maybe, after all this stuff dies down...I do think we shouldn't put off meeting with Ganth and Torbold and them. But..." The realization strikes that people she cared about are dead. "I at least want to pay respects, and of course, whatever Odo would like to do."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/14/2023 11:04 PM
Kaz grows somber as well. "Aye, of course. We'll make time if we have to" 
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 7:56 AM
“Well before those ants in your pants get the better of you, I’d like to have a moment with Sear’Rebellion. I think I can help him with his lost limb”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 6:45 PM
Odo looking stressed and frustrated a bit - composing himself
"Reckon I agree - we shouldn't put off that there meetin' with Ganth and Torbald... I know it’s, uh, mighty late ‘bout now... also do done know that we did already awake Ganth from his deep slumber"
Odo thinks scratching his head
"Uhhh I did promise Pa that I'd ride up to the roost with him tomorrow... might be uh good, uh, chance that we could done head up to the roost before Pa gets up there, just leave a note tellin' Pa we headed out ahead of time... ...I do be a bit nervous bout Pa riding out there by him ol’ self... do done figure if there was gonna be an ambush along the way with them there ogres... if they uh, I suppose had uh business to finish ...that'd be a soreful way..."
Odo thinks some more sniffing deeply his dingy pits
"I uh... I uh do done think that I'd feel bit better bout riding alongside Pa... idk bout them there ogres... ...maybe if Sir Gondrian and others rode up with him, that'd uh, put my mind at ease a bit more"
Odo looks over to Nev
"Reckon...reckon I do done need some closure about Marshall and Jandar.... I gotta know...I gotta see it... see all the damage I've done been that there cause of"
Odo's fists tightening like the meme with Arthur
"I...I reckon this...this done be what I brought upon my family, if this do done be Asger...this...this all my doings..."
Odo fists tightening even more
"We cant...we just can't let more lives be lost ‘cause of Asger..."
Odo calms down a bit
"I be a mighty happy Kaz's, Errr-ah-dear do done be doin' alright, but even that there critters we saw on the way to the village make me a feelin' mighty uneasy"
"We still need to find Branaris, that a given... Ganth and Torbald done seem to be the pathway to us helping track him a down faster... it has been over this past while so great that we uh, did done find Fredryck... and that there elephant fella seem like if he aint doin' work with numbers might be a mighty strong fighter"
Odo sighs
"I know how important it do done be for both Marshall and Jandar to have the proper services...when those come to be...I do done want some of that there closure... - I’m just not sure how Ganth & Torbald would feel ‘bout maybe changing the meeting place or something of the like...they might... reckon Ganth not seem to keen on wanting to postpone the time much from what uh Kaz did done be a sayin' with them nogin-talking they a do between um"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:52 PM
Kaz listens attentively as Odo shares what’s on his mind. “Your father is a strong fighter, Odo. I doubt he’ll have any trouble on the road, and I’m sure Sir Gondrian will be accompanying him anyway.” She looks Odo directly in the eyes. “And it’s certainly not your fault that any of this happened, whether or not Asger’s involved.”
She looks between Odo and Nevaeh, and asks gently “Were Jandar and Marshall also followers of Selune? Is there anything specific we should prepare for their funerals?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 7:04 PM
Odo nods
"You right, reckon, uh, if Sir Gondrian can deal with that there mage uh, yeah, do done figure the ride would be okay..."
Odo thinking...
"I would say it'd be mighty a nice if Sear' Rebellion, well I would like to a say thanks, appreciate the big fella... it a mighty sad to hear ‘bout how he lost his arm... - I do know he’d be mighty excited to see Nev..."
Odo has a really small smile
"since uh, Sear' Rebellion been crushin' on Nev a bit since that big fella was a little less of a big fella"
"that aside..."
Odo thinks
"I figure uh, though it might not do done be exactly all my fault, I uh, I uh feelin' like I be a lotta wood for the fire to burn with that there situation...reckon...but...I do done figure it better to try to uh tackle this there uh problem at the source of wherever yonder Asger do done be..."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:07 PM
She chuckles. “I’m sure Sear’rebellion would be quite happy to see you and Nev. And we have plenty of time before noon, so we can certainly spare some for you to help him, Lana.” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:27 PM
(Since Jandar is my creation I'd like to say he follows Selune, but he is part of the Falcanspur fam so not actually totally sure, and I def forgot Sear had a crush on Nev, so I guess maybe if we don't need word of recall in the morning I can regenerate his arm? Otherwise, maybe Smutlana can?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 7:29 PM
(Lana can do it)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:34 PM
Nev puts a calming hand on Odo's shoulder "She's right, it's not your fault, based on what was taken...I don't think the fact that we're directly involved in this even mattered. He was clearly after something more."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 6:28 PM
"Kaz, could you help me write something out in Elvish? My written Elvish is more rusty than my spoken. Just want to write out a prayer is all. And maybe if you can think of something to add?" (we don't have to actually write something out since I expect we'll RP through all this stuff before we make our next move on Sunday)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:30 PM
Kaz nods, scooting closer to Nevaeh and pulling out her journal. "Aye. I can translate a few of the Selune prayers I've heard you say before. I'll add a few Seldarine ones as well. Did Jandar follow them?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 8:03 PM
"He did. That would be lovely. Thank you."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:18 PM
Kaz nods back, writing a few lines of scripture on the page in neat Elvish script. "I can walk you through how to pronounce them, if you'd like, but you seem to have a good handle on the speakin' part"
