    • The sextant shows chaos currents – basically 3D rivers in Limbo. The protractor thing beneath the scope allows us to mark our position and calculate our speed
    • We quickly realize that it would take days to reach the closest chaos current, but have no other direction so we continue on
        ◦ Kaz guides the party, Nevaeh concentrates on keeping the ground together, and Zug and Odo focus on moving us forward.
    • Zug encourages Nevaeh to cast Augury. Kaz shapes the ground to look like one of the ritual spaces from the Conclave of Silverymoon, while Odo shapes moonstone Augury tokens from Limbo itself. Nevaeh asks if we should continue going down the path we’re going down, and a moonbeam falls down on the party. We interpret that as a good sign
        ◦ Kaz tries to manifest the dark shard crystals that make up her amulet and the Rod of Drosys. Though she can make purple crystals, they don’t have the same optical properties as the originals no matter how much she tries.
    • We travel for days before Odo finally spots something. He sees what looks like animals emerging from a cave, but their forms change constantly. One minute they have rabbit legs, bat wings, and tentacles, the next minute they’re totally different. They start to menacingly circle our little island, we blast several of them into elemental chaos, and the remaining three flee.
        ◦ Zug summons a small mushroom fae he calls Basil
    • Kaz loses concentration on the land just as the battle ends. Parts of our island start to break away and dissolve as we struggle to stay standing and pull the land back together. Finally, Odo manages to focus on creating land again.
    • It takes another day before we reach the chaos current. Once we’re inside, we’re carried with the current like a river (though intentionally trying to move forward can make us move even faster than before). We travel through the current for another few days, until Zug spies an odd fortification with an earth island at an angle to us. The island rotates to align with ours, and on top are a small group of githzerai
    • The leader of the small group introduces herself as LaShella. She says she comes from the monastery of Karaka, and once we share Zug’s mushcakes and explain our plight she agrees to take us to her monastery’s Prior, who might be able to help us.
    • After a few hours, we reach an ENORMOUS air bubble, with a hockey-shaped platform in the center (it has three floors worth of windows). There’s a dome-shaped buiding on top of the hockey puck, with two building wings sticking out at 90 degree angles, and a tall cylindrical tower.
    • We follow LaShella to the main landing area, where many monks gather around to watch us warily. Our earthberg evaporates to become part of the air.
    • Through one door, we see someone meditating beneath a large gnarled tree. We’re steered away down another hallway into a slightly sunken room, where an elderly monk waits for us. We’re instructed to leave our weapons by the door and approach one by one. Nevaeh, Odo, and Zug are inspected, then waved off. Kaz is inspected and declared a mindflayer thrall, to the monks’ horror.
        ◦ Kaz, knowing next to nothing about her patron, is similarly horrified by the idea that they might be a mindflayer
    • We’re herded into a corner by monks with glowing hands while they inspect our stuff, paying particular attention to the Rod of Drosys. There’s a lot of talking in Gith, before we’re herded out of the room and into a cell. We’re told to strip off our armor and any other items. Odo is petty and removes all his clothes except his underwear. LaShella explains that Kaz is connected to something from the same place as the mindflayers before she leaves us.
    • After a few hours, we’re summoned back to the main room for further testing.
    • Test 1: The rest of the party is corralled to one side of the room, while Kaz faces the prior alone. The monks bring a chest and tell her to get inside. Odo looks ready to fight, but Kaz stares him down in warning, and Nevaeh holds onto his arm. Kaz takes a deep breath and says to the Prior “If I fail, please let my friends go. You know they didn’t do anything” He studies her thoughtfully, then says something in Gith to LaShella. She repeats to Kaz to get in the box, Kaz reluctantly squeezes herself inside, and the others close the lid on top. Everyone else sees the remaining Gith bring over an amphora, slide back a panel on the chest, and pour thousands of bugs inside. Kaz immediately screams, understandably freaking out. The Prior immediately says some command word and the bugs freeze. A shaky Kaz is released from the box, and LaShella explains that she’s passed, as a true thrall wouldn’t show any fear in that situation.
    • Test 2: all four of us have to prove we’re not thralls by killing a mindflayer and its four thralls. The four thralls drop their hoods, revealing that they’re clones of the four of us. The starving mindflayer stuns Odo and nearly devours his brain before Nevaeh delivers the finishing blow with a Guiding Bolt
        ◦ Kaz’s clone uses the Rod of Drosys as a club, rather than casting spells with it
        ◦ Clones disappear when they’re destroyed. They seem to be illusions
    • Having passed the test, LaShella lets us know that we’re welcome to stay. We might be able to reach a door to Sigil in 50-60 days when the Overseer arrives to the monastery, as they might be able to help us (LaShella has lived in Sigil for a bit, which is how she knows Common)
    • We’re given a tour of the areas we’re allowed to access. Everything is very minimalist, but we see the hydroponics area, the kitchens, our living quarters, and once a day we’re allowed to walk around on the surface of the hockey puck
    • Eventually, Kaz hesitantly asks LaShella about what the prior saw in her. LaShella says “The prior is a man who has gone on many rakma and encountered many mindflayers. Some of them commune with evil powers, and something about your necklace and rod and the way you smell reminded him of that.”
    • Zug wins over the monks by enriching their farms and making them mushcakes every day. Eventually, he learns that they have an Anarch, a person who is innately talented at maintaining Limbo. They can maintain structures within a two mile radius without having to concentrate.
        ◦ the Anarch is the person we saw under the tree
        ◦ Zug also takes some monk training
    • Odo learns more about gith history. githyanki = followers of Gith. Very evil, ruled by a lich queen in the Astral Plane. Githzerai = “those who spurned gith,” did not want to conquer the universe with him. Both hate each other, and hate mindflayers
        ◦ Odo also gains half proficiency in stealth, trying to compensate for his loud armor
        ◦ Odo and Kaz also start teaching Common and a few other languages they know, while also learning a bit of Gith
    • Nevaeh also helps around the monastery where she can, learning about the Gith’s monastic practices
    • Kaz tags along with the others, trying to make friends and help out while also learning about Limbo and about Gith culture. Kaz starts reading the other books from the magical Netherese chest, they are particularly useful in teaching about the planes. They’re also very dense reading.
        ◦ Zug convinces Kaz to try to make friends, and maybe try to find out more about herself from the monks. She’s convinced to make friends, though she’s leery of making people too uncomfortable with questions about eldritch creatures after the trials they’d all faced. She ends up tagging along with Zug, Odo, and Nevaeh as they help out and learn from the monks
        ◦ Odo talks with Kaz, worried that she’d just risk herself to go into the chest without relying on the rest of the party. Kaz reassures him that she wasn’t trying to pull a lone wolf strategy, but she didn’t think the party could win against a whole monastery of monks and she didn’t want them to get hurt because of her. She also whispers in his ear that she’d been able to teleport out of the box, and that she wouldn’t have let them kill her (even though she hadn’t remembered at the time that she could teleport).
    • After a month and a half, we’ve made friends and settled into the monastery. We hear a warning gong, signalling that some threat is coming. A passing Gith lets us know that the githyanki are attacking. An explosion fills the hall with smoke and knocks down several monks. Several githyanki step through the smoke, lock eyes with us, draw their swords, and attack.










Text RP
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:39 PM
((Did we reach a consensus on where you would all want to go if you could choose?))
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:43 PM
((Kaz’s vote is that, if we reach Sigil, we spend a few days there resting, resupplying, and searching for information for our various quests, then head out to search for Nevaeh’s dad))
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 8:11 PM
((Yeahhhh Odo is on board with that he doesn't want to immediately go back to WaterDeep and wants to also help Nevaeh)) 
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:41 PM
((Like it would be great to have a full sesh or two doing sigil stuff))
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:24 PM
((I like the idea of heading to Sigil first))
((also, my takeaway, which may be wrong now that im re-reading it, was that my father was FROM Arborea, but was likely not there due to his disconnect and the vigilant sentinels group tracking down servants of Shar from all over?))
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:31 PM
((Yeah, the last she heard was that he was joining up with the vigilant sentinels))
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:36 PM
((I guess it's a good start though))
((Also, lets say I shared everything from my talk with my mom over the course of these months. Campfire story time.))
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/25/2022
Nev, what happens after you find your father? If we went to celestia with you, would you just… return to Waterdeep?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/26/2022
“It depends I guess. I don't know what I'll find. Or even exactly where he is. It would be nice to be able to stay with him but I don't know if that's possible either. Not that I don't want to help you guys out, but maybe I can come back. I dunno. Waterdeep feels less like home with mom gone. Not sure where I belong exactly yet.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/27/2022
Kaz gives Nevaeh a warm smile. “Well, I think I speak for all of us when I say we’re happy to have you here with us for as long as you’re able to stay”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:37 PM
“Yeah, it's been a crazy ride so far with you all.” She looks around at the Gith and at Limbo. “Not sure I could have ever guessed this.”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 1:49 PM
“Well, that’s probably just a sign you need to do more shrooms, darling. Don’t worry I can fix that once we get back to the material plane.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 2:12 PM
How does one "do" shrooms?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 2:26 PM
"I did shrooms with my room mate Angela on a weekend camping trip once. Felt like I was meldin' with the ground. Woke up a couple hours later and found myself covered in branches. Apparently, Angela thought I'd died and wanted to build me a funeral pyre." She chuckles. "I'm just glad she didn't actually light it"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 2:54 PM
Odo nods "Reckon I understand that feelin' there Navea-yyuhhh, done heard from the pops myself back from a letter in Fort Gilbert - he done mentioned the importance of me living up to our name - figuring my efforts be best done here and not in Waterdeep...done figure I might get a hankerin to go back at some point but...not right this dang tenth day....speakin...not even sure what day it done be...but it be mighty wild all this here done exist in the stew of chaos...maybe they're be beauty in the chaos like the smell of the air after a mighty tenacious thunderstorm"
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 2:59 PM
It’s easy, you just eat them and like thirty minutes later you’re tripping balls.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 3:01 PM
Odo smiles
"Reckon if they done be something that Psilofyrr done say be a part of Psilofyrrs guidance I figure it done be not a bad thing"
Odo looks at Kaz, cheerfully
"Kaz, reckon your roommate might have done been good intentioned if she done sincerely thought ya were a gonner and was tryinna give ya a proper burial but yesssss mighty glad she didn't like that there fantastic funeral pyre" Odo chuckles a little "ya still keep in touch with Angela? - she done be researcher like you done be?" 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 3:12 PM
Kaz shakes her head. “No, Angela is a ranger. She hunts down rare creatures to sell them for spell components. She’s pretty well known for it, actually.” She frowns a little. “I hadn’t heard from her in a while, even before we got here” she says, gesturing to Limbo’s chaos. “Her letters wouldn’t reach the fort without a courier” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:16 PM
Odo, did you ever read those letters from your fam that I brought over?
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 12:19 PM
Odo looks around for the letters...finds them, sweat stained, having bits and pieces of chest hair clinged to them, as he had to remove them from under his shirt when the monk dudedette had asked us to strip our possessions and get in the drunk-tank/jail-cell/holding-cell together
"Ahhhhhhhh yeaaah here they done be Navea-yyuhhh!"
Odo enthusiastically sniffs ‘em deeply, some chest hair flies into his nasal passage way
(Odo opens ‘em up, looks at them, what do they read?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:50 PM
You had looked at them earlier. They were letters from your mother Ravithera and your 16 and 14 year old sisters Leila and Gwendalynne. They mostly were just telling you about what they’ve all been up to in Waterdeep i.e, a lot of masks and balls and social intrigue etc. 
Oh but one thing that might be of some interest is that Leila mentions she has been spending time at the House of the Moon volunteering with some of the charity work they do. She also goes on at some length about how cool she thinks Nevaeh is.
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 2:32 PM
“Well why don't you just yell at her through her mind with your magic mail spell?”
“So how's about we go make our way over to Sigil as soon as we can, maybe the Overseer can help us make the jump.”
“And then we can poke around a bit, see if we can't get a feel for the city, and maybe find a portal to each of the realms we're interested in - Mechanus, Far Realm, etc - and we can see if we can find more info on the Vigilant Sentinels and track down Nev's Moon Daddy.”
“Ideally, if we could find a way to get back and forth across the planes, that would be ideal.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 2:42 PM
Kaz nods “Assumin’ we get to Sigil, that was more or less my plan.” She pulls a few items from the bag of holding, inspecting them carefully. “Might be wise to stock up on provisions and trade out some of our old equipment, too”
“As for Angela…” she bites her lip. “I didn’t exactly tell her what was goin’ on with me, or that I have magic. I’m not sure what I would even say, except to check that she’s okay”
She drags her face through her hands “Gods I’m going to have to explain myself to so many people”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 2:52 PM
“Well if she learns you acquired some magic, is she really gonna flip her lid? I mean, she's a ranger. She uses magic. She's no stranger to it. Sure, it's possible that you got your powers from some abominable Devourer of Worlds who might want to use you as a vessel for its entry into our plane of existence... but maybe that's not the case at all and things are way more chill than that. Take it easy on yourself Kaz, it's not like you're an EVIL NECROMANCERRRRrrrr yarrrrgh” Zug rolls his eyes back in his head and sticks his arms out, walking towards Kaz and moaning exaggeratedly loud
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:17 PM
Kaz gives Zug a flat stare. “If I’m to play host to an ancient manifestation of pure evil, my last words are gonna be ‘I told ya so’”
She grins. “Then again, maybe Exilicor will appreciate your sporelings, make you head necromancer of the new world order, and we’ll get to keep going on adventures” 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 12:23 PM
"Kaz reckon I done always thought highly of rangers, figure Angela done got a lot of experience in the field.  It'd done be a pleasure to meet her, perhaps a cask of ale and some fire side chats be mending things" Odo's eyebrows raise and a smirk on his face as he stares at Kaz "Since ya done not tell her where you was off too...feel like mending of y'all's friendship needs to be in order"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:26 PM
Kaz sighs and nods "I bet you two'd get along. You have a similar appetite for challenge." She raises an eyebrow "Do you know many rangers?"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 12:38 PM
Odo nods
"Reckon I had the chance to meet a few...Sir Gondrian did done have a decent group."
Odo chuckles
"But I done tell you what Kaz, that there Toby, Mav's fella, he ...he definitely not one of um, when he done did draw the bow back to try to help us with Bognar ...he was nothing short of an utter disappointment but I mean figure he done at least did try to help...in the moment. "
Odo looks over to Zug
"Mighty glad ol Zuggatboys thorny whip done was able to get Bognar 'tied up' in a situation where we done had control there at the end"
Odo looks back at Kaz
"A'reckon the late Lysigel was the best archer I done had ever met..."
Odo sighs
"But figure I'd enjoy having a chance to meet more of the ranger folks"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:46 PM
“Aye, at least he tried. Poor Toby. I hope he and his family are safe.” She sighs. “Lyesgiel… maybe I should have stopped him from leaving. He just seemed so sure that there was something he had to do, and- I don’t know”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 3:01 PM
Worth noting that Kaz would try to contact her dad at least one more time with Sending and convince him she’s alive
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 3:03 PM
When?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 3:04 PM
Mm, probably once she’s settled in a bit and isn’t worried about needing spell slots to fight. She’d do it privately, or ask for a place where she could cast it
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 3:06 PM
Week 1, week 2, week 3, … week7?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 3:06 PM
Week 2. She’s worried
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 3:08 PM
Ok and what do you say?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 3:10 PM
“Da, please. I’m alive. I’m okay. You can send a short message back to me and I’ll respond, but I can only respond once today”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 3:14 PM
You hear: “Kaz, if this is you, how’re you doin this? This is powerful magic. You never had any magic. Have you… joined a cult?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 3:18 PM
Kaz winces, but replies. “No cult. Long story. I’ll tell it to you when I see you again. It might be a long time before then.  Love you”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 3:22 PM
You hear: “alright, we’ll talk in person. hopefully not too long. I love you too Kaz … stay out of danger”
