    • we reach Falcon’s Roost on the evening of 24 Eliasus
    • we give Jasper a brief overview of our history with Asger, and he sounds horrified by the man. He wishes us well, tells us to be safe, and teleports us back to Neverwinter
    • We notice a conflagration on the otherside of the river as we leave Neverwinter, realize it’s in the direction of the Temple of Selune, and run over to find a bucket brigade trying to put out the flaming temple. Kaz encourages Nev to take out the magic water pitcher and douse the flames, while she herself directs water here and there to put out burning patches.
    • Nev finds Lady Jasmine and asks what happened. She explains that the Sharin cultists had been snooping around the previous day, and that they had probably been the ones to set the sudden fireball on the temple’s west side. As far as she knows, everyone got out safely.
        ◦ Nev knows that Shar cultists burn down temples to Selune fairly regularly, but wonders if there’s some significance to the timing.
        ◦ Acolyte Tara said she saw the blast come from one of the attached storage rooms normally used to store vestaments. She didn’t see anyone run out of the room afterward, so the blast could have been caused by a magic item, or the perpetrators could have come in and escaped through the undecroft
        ◦ The clerics of other gods have also shown up to fight the fire
        ◦ Kaz uses her telepathy to search for people trapped in the temple, but can’t sense anyone
    • Lana asks a nearby tree if it saw someone start the fire. It didn’t see anyone, and assumes that the fire-starter was inside the temple at the time. She studies the crowd and decides that everyone in the vicinity is innocent, and that the culprits probably did a hit-and-run
    • We spend an hour helping put out the fire, and it’s completely dark out when we decide the flames are well enough in hand. We’re faced with a few hours’ walk to the portal to Sigil, until Smutlana conjures some spore-horses (sporses) for us to ride and cut down the travel time. We arrive in Sigil exhausted from the long day, but unaccosted, and crash for the night.
    • Kaz tries to contact Gersh with Contact Other Plane, only for the spell to fail since Gersh is on the same plane. Lana suggests we go to a different plane and recast the spell, so we head to the nearby Neverwinter portal.
    • Kaz connects to Gersh, sense bitterness and hatred reeking from his mind. He initially refuses to meet with us about Asger, but Kaz offers up money in exchange and he agrees to meet. He tells Kaz to come to Sigil, where he will contact her. 
        ◦ Gersh asks Kaz’s name, and she just tells him “Kaz”
    • We let Lady Renalia know that we’ll be in Carceri.
    • As we’re talking about what valuables we’re willing to part with, Gersh contacts Kaz. He asks why Kaz is on Asger’s trail, and she tells him it’s for revenge since he trapped her dad. She again offers to pay for the information, but Gersh tells her to “keep her gold.”
    • Gersh says the fungus woman is a servant of the demon queen of fungi. She came to Gersh before Asger did. They were both on the trail of Gersh’s slaves, which he knows that Kaz is aware of. He directed them to “the source of the issue,” but he refuses to tell Kaz where that is without seeing her face-to-face. He instructs Kaz to go to the gate town of Curst, walk 1 mile spireward to the rock that looks like a squid, and wait until nightfall. He’ll even offer us free passage to Carceri
        ◦ “You’ll just have to be ready to fight. But if you have the power to reach out across planes, I assume you have magic for fighting”
        ◦ Curst is a gate town in the Outlands with a gate to Carceri. Gate towns are places with prominent, well known gates between the Outlands and another plane. Each gate town takes on some of the character of its connected plane
            ▪ The substance of the outer planes formed by belief and moral philosophy. If a gate town has a big moral shift that falls out of alignment with its connected plane, then the gate can shift to another town. The shift can be quite political, since its about territory control
    • Priestess Asara stops by to hear about our trip, learns that Lady Jasmine’s temple burned down, and is devastated. She confesses that Rafe Dawnleaf (captain of Lady Renalia’s guard) had proposed and she’d been hoping to get married in Neverwinter. Nev talks to her and cheers her up a bit. Nev also excitedly agrees to officiate the wedding in about a month
    • Jevrin relays that Curst is a bad place to go, but says that Lady Renalia does know of a portal to the town (probably because some of her shipments go through the town).
    • As we’re walking toward the portal to Curst, we hear a sudden whizzing sound. Lana is struck by two arrows fired from the windows of nearby houses. A sudden flash blinds her and Odo, and a thunderous blast rocks the whole party.
    • Two 11-foot-tall monstrosities (orthons) are shooting us with acid-dipped arrows. Odo engages one, and does enough damage that it uses its reaction to explode
    • Ranjat Dor’alkaba is responsible, of course. He grabs Smutlana and drags her away from the rest of the party, but she manages to escape and we kill the other monstrosity. Ranjat summons an ENORMOUS, incredibly powerful devil (a pit fiend) which seems just as powerful as the enormous demon from the ship’s hold. He offers to let the rest of us live if we hand over Smutlana, otherwise we’ll all be dead “in the next five seconds”
    • Lana tries to target the pit fiend with Blight, but finds that her magic won’t allow her to target it (“like a bug in magic” – John). She tries to target it with Blindness/Deafness, but can’t target it with that spell either (possibly both spells are too low-level to do anything?)
    • Ranjat is getting his ass kicked by Odo. He chugs a potion of speed, but Odo keeps attacking and he starts getting even more scared. Finally, he bitches out and runs for it.
    • Several rounds go by and Kaz thinks it’s weird that the pit fiend isn’t attacking. She tries to see if it’s an illusion, and fails (rolls a 2). John takes pity, has Lana’s draconic guardian slash through it, and reveal it as an actual illusion.
    • We fight off the last orthon. The Sons of Mercy arrive, investigate, and find us not at fault. The homeowners emerge from their hiding places, shaken.
    • Lana remarks that it’s unusual that Ranjat knew exactly where to find us. We remark that it might be that we’ve been followed by his other slaves.
    • We continue on to Curst. The air is hot and dusty, and the ground is deeply cracked dirt. The town is circular around a central area, and made up mostly of ramshackle structures with a few larger buildings. The wall surrounding the town has spikes pointed inward, rather than outward to repel invaders.
        ◦ humans, tieflings, castas (planar lizardfolk), four-armed humanoids with heavy leather armor shouting and haggling with a weapons-dealer. Everyone looks angry and scowling
    • We pass by an enormous town dump right next to the town entryway. The guards at the gate scowl at us with disgust, but don’t prevent us from leaving. As we walk further from Curst, we pass a caravan of casta riding giant flightless birds, pulling a caravan of carts toward town.
    • We reach the squid-like rock and wait until nightfall. For a long time, our only company are wild animals. Then, we hear faint wingbeats, growing louder and louder until we see a corpulant winged creature silhouetted by the last light of the day. It lands right on top of the rock, and we feel it’s overwhelmingly evil presence. It has a cheshire-cat-like grin, filled with sharpened teeth
    • Gersh will take us to Asger and the mushroom demon lady in Othrys. He assumed that Asger was working with the fungus lady, but he didn’t seem to know where she was.
    • The fungus woman captured Gersh and dragged him to Agathys. He barely escaped. That’s why he wants her dead. He doesn’t give a shit about Asger.
    • “I hope you have ways to survive the cold, because it’s unseasonably chilly where we’re going”
    • Gersh planeshifts us into a bone hut on stilts above a tar swamp, lashed together with sinew and filled with demonic creatures.
        ◦ The large mushroom-headed creature spits nasty, goopy acid that hurts really badly




























    • We defeat the fungal demons. Gersh turns to look at us, grinning as he sees how tired and weak we are.
    • (Hex is UP and is 8hr concentration!)


Text RP
John Dungeon Master — 10/11/2022
The corpulent form of Gershchakejjt slowly turns toward all of you, his eyes glowing green and his sharpened teeth glistening with acidic drool. A fiendish grin spreads across his face as he says, “veerrry good work mortals.  you have done me a serrvice. And now, true to my word, I’ll tell you where the fungus woman went… for a price…”(huge malevolent grin)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 10/12/2022
"Where even are we? Why did we portal into a room full of things that wanted us ALL dead?" She’s visibly confused (as she is most days)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 10/12/2022
Smutlana tends to the wounds of the party with last of his magical strength, casting Cure Wounds once on everyone, and gives Kaz Eagle's Splendor (adv on CHA) in addition to Guidance 
Staidly, wryly, strategically, and unsarcastically, Smutlana gives thanks in Infernal. "In noting your graciousness, I wouldn't dare mistake your malevolence for magnanimity, Lord Gershchakejjt."
(If Nature is appropriate, I rolled it with Adv to determine an appropriate very small flying creature appropriate for this swamp to shapeshift into in order to stealthfully fly around and survey the immediate area terrain, threats, and of course exotic mushrooms)
Nature for shapeshift: 19
Survival for finding threats/mushrooms: 16
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
One thing you notice is that it’s a deeply wrong-seeming unnatural environment that is a kind of twisted nightmare version of a swamp, but you do immediately see and feel large mosquito-like insects all around (they do count as beasts so so can shape shift into one)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 10/12/2022
(Ew. Fine.)
(I don’t like parasites irl)
(Or vermin in general)
(I need something that can see far though, that’s the goal)
(Lana wants to fly around and scope things out, so like I dunno would a bat work? Obvi they don’t see but they can sense with sound. Flying lizard thing? Nasty high level predator like swamp hawk could be good)
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
(You can pick anything you’ve seen before and you’ve spent time in a swamp for sure so any swampy thing from the material plane would work)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 10/12/2022
Shoebill
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
Nice
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 10/12/2022
(wow, evidently they're big)
(and they are dangerous af)
(great at seeing things in the water)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 10/12/2022
(that's a dinosaur)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 10/12/2022
Kaz keeps her expression neutral. "We agreed that you would take us to her, and to Asger"
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
(His eyes flash wrathfully) “I said I would take you here! If you have an itch to fight more of these things (he gestures to the remains of the infested demons) and their mistress, I’ll tell you where to go because I hate and despise her even more than I hate mortals. But I’m not stupid enough to go back there. I’ve stayed alive for thousands of years, do you know how?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 10/12/2022
Kaz raises an eyebrow, but her face remains otherwise expressionless. "How?"
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
Being a coward!
(He emits a gurgling laugh)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 10/12/2022
She shrugs. "Alright then. Where is the fungal lady?"
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
“But first…” (the grin returns)
“Leave your valuables here with me. I wouldn’t want them to fall into her hands when she brutally murders you all”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 10/12/2022
Kaz shakes her head. "We'll need our valuables to fight her"
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
“Then I will happily give you directions to the portal so you can bravely go to your slaughter”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 10/12/2022
Kaz sighs. "Look. You may not believe in us, but you have to admit we're your best chance of seeing her dead at the moment. And in order for us to have a chance, we need our weapons and armor"
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
(Smutlana you don’t see any threats in the immediate vicinity but you do find a Tartarian Hatecap mushroom growing on one of the bone stilts)
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
(Make a persuasion check)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 10/12/2022
(22)
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
(Nice!)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 10/12/2022
(hell yeah!)
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
(He seems to be pausing to consider)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 10/12/2022
(Can Smutlana understand anything about effect of this mushroom? Is there an effect to touch or breathing or only eating?)
John Dungeon Master — 10/12/2022
(Its extract can be used to create a deadly contact poison. Its of course also very poisonous to eat but not to touch when it’s whole)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 10/13/2022
(!! yaaaas)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 10/13/2022
(Odo after Kaz becomes mighty persuasive)
Odo catching his breath and smiles, wiping sweat and the tad bit of acid bile chunks that weren't touching his skin but maybe still in the crevices of his gear
"wheeewww-weee"
Odo looks to Gerschakejjt
"Ya done know ya got a mighty big hole in in this here floor of yours Gersch?  It done lead to that tar pit below, mighty easy for critters to fall alllll that there way tumbling down.  Now I tell yew what I ain't no here "bone"-afide carpenter like my ole pals the Grimlay brothers out in ol Fort Gilbert - but I reckon I'd be a  willing to lend a hand patch that there hole when we done do get back from ol Fungus Lady - then again let it be known I ain't got no "bone"-to-pick with that there hole in the floor it just ya know done be a mighty large hole to that tar pit that I done figure we all coulda fallen into if we weren't careful - maybe something to consider if ya done plan to have mortal guests like us come and ya know see your humble abode here.  Also many thanks to helping deal with those few critters of the fungal like things that you was a dealing with - ya got some power behind them there (OOC can't remember if he used his claws or teeth but I would say either) ---- be a mighty impressive"
Odo smiles
🦴🦴🦴🦴🦴 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 10/13/2022
(Is this his house? I didn't get an answer to where we are up there.)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 10/13/2022
(oh yeah OOC: John, were we fighting in his house? Did this bone structure seem like a house??)
John Dungeon Master — 10/13/2022
(It has the appearance of a lair)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 10/13/2022
(. Yaaayyyy bone house 🦴🤣😂)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 10/13/2022
( on stilts tooo! ) 
( Who doesn't want a humble stilted bone house that sits atop a tar pit below 🤣)
John Dungeon Master — 10/14/2022
Gersh suddenly turns around and looks distracted, then starts pulling up part of the bone floor, ripping bone pieces out and tossing them to the side
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 10/14/2022
Nev points to the hole in the middle of the room. “You can leave through that door, it'll be easier.”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:42 PM
Without turning around he mutters: “idiot mortals…” and he lifts himself back up holding a large bone which he proceeds to crush in his claws, and you see that he’s left holding a metal cylinder that was hidden in the bone
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 1:43 PM
Odo smiles briefly but then looks puzzled, kinda looking Gersh and nodding a bit
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:43 PM
Kaz looks confused at why she’s being called an idiot for not knowing about a metal cylinder in a bone
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:45 PM
He removes a scroll from the cylinder.
Smutlana, your shoebill form notices suddenly that around a dozen infested flying creatures that look like giant fiendish vultures are screeching toward your location from all around the tar pit
Gersh turns his ear toward the hole in the ceiling. He yells “I’m leaving here before they kill me. If you want to come, gather quickly!”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 1:53 PM
Smutlana zips back to the party with a funky mushroom in claw, tosses it up into the air, returns to form and catches it into the herbalism kit.
“A flock of demons incoming. Gersh, please lead the way.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:56 PM
Kaz immediately skips closer to Gersh
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:26 PM
(Is there anything interesting those dudes we killed dropped? Though most of them were pushed down the hole.)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:27 PM
(They didn’t appear to be wearing or carrying anything)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:41 PM
Gersh starts casting a spell. He holds a little metal tuning fork in one of his hands. He flicks it and, rather than sounding like a normal tuning fork, it seems to sound like someone playing scales up and down in a cycle. A vulture-like demon sticks it’s head through the joke and emits a dreadful screech. Just then you are suddenly weightless for a moment before landing in what appears to be the edge of a marsh, a decidedly more normal looking marsh. A quick glance toward the sky reveals the familiar Spire of the outlands. 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:22 PM
(Any angry bugs or anything around?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:23 PM
(Just a few normal looking bugs buzzing around as one would expect)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:48 PM
Bowing to Gersh, Lana says “Looks like you got what you were looking for. Maybe give us a heads up next time if you have some things you want us to kill on the other side of the portal though. Just helps us be a little bit quicker in our work that way.” 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:49 PM
(I mean, he did like straight up tell you to be prepared to fight)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:50 PM
(I guess it wasn’t clear that there was a fight immediately on the other side of the portal though)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:50 PM
His lip curls up on one side wrathfully
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:07 AM
“Idiot fools, I am filled with self-loathing because I have abetted your escape from the eternal realm, but if you do intend to return to destroy that fungus witch, then I shan’t have to kill you…”
