    • It’s the 20th of Uktar
    • Nev has 48,000gp in gems (10,000 spent on spell materials/kept as cash).
    • We note that Sigil has mostly returned to normal following the riot, though we pass several boarded-up storefronts which are still being repaired. We do detect a certain degree of tension lurking under the surface, and there’s a noticeable increase in the number of Sons of Mercy that we see as we walk through the Market Ward.
    • As we walk into the Lady’s Ward, we see an inconspicuous person reading a broadsheet look up, then look back down. With her eldritch powers, Kaz can see that the individual is a disguised arcanaloth, and quickly encourages the group to keep moving.
    • We pass beneath a few covered bridges about 5 min from Lady Renalia’s estate. Kaz sees another disguised arcanaloth overhead, apparently watching the group. She doesn’t like the vibes of walking through what’s essentially a row of empty office buildings in the evening with fiends watching, and telepathically encourages the group to turn around and leave. Odo nods, and says in Orcish that he’s hungry and wants to get something to eat. Despite the ploy, the arcanaloth sees through our disguises and attacks.
        ◦ The whole scene looks like a random scribe attacking an old lady (Nev), a young elf girl (Kaz), a totally average girl (Lana), and an orc (Odo).
    • The arcanaloth casts Chain Lightning at the party, hitting all four people. Kaz Banishes it, hoping to escape before the spell ends and it sounds the alarm. A group of humans armed with crossbows leaps out and starts firing at the party. Odo and Lana fight Nev Commands them to flee, which they do
    • Two of the assassins hack and slash at Kaz, who loses her concentration on the Banishment. The arcanaloth reappears and casts a spell with no obvious effect on the party (probably sending a message that it’s seen us). Lana Blights one assassin, who Kaz finishes off with a well-placed Shatter spell. His flesh is blasted apart, but arrested and bound back together in midair by fungal matter as Lana turns him into a Heather.
    • Smutlana casts Wall of Thorns to block some of the assassins from running back, catching the arcanaloth in the wall. Thorns grow through its flesh as the wall appears.
    • Odo speaks a command word and lights Marcel’s Fang with a radiant glow, then slashes at the arcanaloth. It casts a Shield spell, but even that isn’t enough to stop all of Odo’s attacks.
    • Smutlana knocks two of the assassins to the bridge floor, beaten and bloodied, with an Erupting Earth. Simultaneously, Heather kills the assassin who’d been harassing Kaz and who she’d crushed and restrained with an earthen hand. “The wrath of nature upon you!” Smutlana cries out, raising the second assassin as another Heather.
    • The main arcanaloth teleports away behind the wall of thorns. Nev flies up above the street to see six arcanaloths running down the street toward us, maybe 200-300 ft away. She kills the last assassin, we leave both Heathers behind as decoys, Lana casts Pass Without a Trace, and we dash away from the approaching arcanaloths, towards Lady Renalia’s estate.
        ◦ We have one unconscious assassin, who we take with us to interrogate later.
    • We duck into an alleyway to hide. Kaz realizes that there are probably more (and more dangerous) foes closer to our old home and to Lady Renalia’s estate, since there’s only a few places we’re known to hang out. We debate whether or not to try to reach the estate anyway, or to flee Sigil. Kaz reaches out to Linessia to ask if there’s a way to reach the estate safely, or to meet somewhere else. She thinks about it for some time, noting that most of Lady Renalia’s guards have been pulled back to guard the manor itself, and eventually suggests that we just speak telepathically to her and she’ll relay our messages back and forth with Nillica.
        ◦ She also asks Kaz why she doesn’t just use the same magic to speak freely with Nillica, and Kaz once again dodges the question with some careful omission (“I only just learned this magic.” “I need to see the person to establish a connection with them, and I haven’t seen her since I learned how to do it, but you were the last person I saw.”)
    • We find a portal out of Sigil and into the Outlands, where we can speak to Linessia without worrying about fiends finding us. We secure our prisoner more thoroughly and search his pockets, but don’t find any identifiers on him. Settled, Kaz reaches out to Linessia once more.
        ◦ No leads on finding Lady Renalia’s soul. They’ve asked dozens of clerics for advice and come up empty.
        ◦ Lord Querial hasn’t been by the estate, but Eurefius (the one the Harmonium caught) has been.
        ◦ Kaz relays that celestials are untrustworthy, and just asks Linessia to trust her on it. She manages to convince her.
        ◦ Linessia’s been better, but is holding it together because she’s professional and really good at what she does (Lady Renalia wouldn’t have hired someone with less prowess at her job)
        ◦ No leads on where Vorra is. Major changes to the will require a vote of all three executors. He apparently took some basic provisions and his spear. They tried scrying for him, but he’s not in the Outlands. He probably doesn’t have any anti-scrying magic on him.
        ◦ Priestess Asara and Raif Donnely (who’s taken Lady Renalia’s death particularly hard) are also doing well
        ◦ There have been yugoloths spotted in our neighborhood. The household only goes out under heavy guard
        ◦ Our neighbors the Argessos are alright. They’ve left Sigil for the time being.
        ◦ One of Lady Renalia’s contacts in the Harpers reported MANY demons in the Underdark in Faerun, primarily mareliths. They’re spreading and getting closer to the surface, though they’re still far underground at the moment.
        ◦ Linessia already knows that the base at Marvinia was attacked, and that Cpt Cloudsilver got away. The crew of the Moonbeam, under Sailing Master Lurton, sacrificed the ship to let the Starglimmer escape. The rest of the staff got away through the portal. Kaz relays that Asger was behind the attack.
        ◦ Kaz wishes Linessia well.
    • We turn to interrogating the assassin prisoner, whose name is Vomryn. Nev casts Fast Friends on him to smooth the interrogation, and he seems quite amenable to talking to her. He explains that he’s got an assignment to take care of “some things” and grins toothlessly at her. He’s part of the Minder’s Guild and his job was just to follow orders from his client “Drishvak,” a fox-like arcanaloth. They’d only just met, and his job was to wait in the tunnel. He’s clearly had a hard life, and is probably from the Hive. He’s heard that they say the Unholdy Child is coming, and that “they” say to “prepare yourself for…” something he doesn’t know about. His job is just to “write people’s names in the dead book.” Nev asks if there’s anyone who loves him, or if there’s anyone he loves, and he doesn’t know. She tries to persuade him to live a better life, but he doesn’t seem totally convinced. He DOES realize that the three platinum he got paid to kill us are gone (Lana stole them) and starts crying because he wanted to go to the whorehouse.
        ◦ The Minder’s Guild is one of the larger guilds in Sigil, headquartered in the Lower Ward. They’re a mercenary guild.
    • Odo knocks out Vomryn and we Planeshift back to Brin’s Haven. Someone calls out “Far Flung Fellowship’s back!” and we’re let back into the base proper.
    • We plan to get the madness-curing staff after WV reports come back about it. We have a few days of downtime before then, so Smutlana meditates to commune with her rapport spores. She senses that her rhizomorph staff has acquired a little more power, and now allows her to eat certain magical mushrooms and learn spells from them.
    • Lana goes to check up on Twilight and the mushroom farm. Twilight points out a Tallboy growing, then hesitantly asks if Smutlana will make another Willow. Lana enthusiastically agrees to do so once she’s had time to prepare the spell.
    • Odo goes to ask Ganth if there’s any dark magic that connects families, since he wants to know if Owen could’ve exploited such a connection to find him and the rest of the party without revealing he has a brother on the dark side. Ganth sees right through him and can tell he’s not asking out of vague curiousity, and presses him to know why he wants to know. Odo tries to keep bluffing that he’s just casually interested, and Ganth gets irritated enough to cast Detect Thoughts and learn about Owen. (“You are a worm fighting an eagle right now” – Francisco, to Mike)
        ◦ “Why would you not tell us about this?” he hisses at Odo. 
          Odo protests “My brother, he can still be saved! I don’t want to be jeopardizing nobody, if there’s some sort of blood bond. That’s why I came to you, because you’re one of the smartest fellas I’ve ever met, and if there’s a problem, I want to get out of the way and not jeopardize Brin’s Haven.”
          Ganth: “You needn’t be concerned. There’s no familial magic that can do anything like that. Certainly your blood could be used to find you, but you are powerfully protected from that sort of magic, as I myself have found out. This protection you have seems to be divine level magic. I think the least of our concerns is that your brother will find you by virtue of your blood connection. From what I’ve seen in your mind, it seems that this man commands significant power, or at least believes he does, and will try to find you by mundane means.”
        ◦ He continues to give Odo a tongue-lashing, asking why, with so few trustworthy people and so much need for unity, that Odo would keep the information about his brother to himself. Odo asks “Do you have any siblings, Ganth? Any brothers or sisters?” Ganth doesn’t say anything, apparently unphased by everything Odo says. “I had family” he finally says.
        ◦ Odo explains a little about his family curse, and how emotional he is that Owen did nothing wrong but has to pay the consequences of his family’s stupid actions. Odo just wants to reclaim that familial connection, and save his brother if there’s any way to do so. A little sympathy breaks through Ganth’s hardened, irritated demeanor. “Well, one never knows what might be possible, in the due course of things. Perhaps this Owen will have some role to play. As will you.”
    • Ganth hauls Odo into Torbold’s office to tell Torbold about his brother. Odo tries to wiggle out of it or at least delay telling Torbold, but can’t convince him. Odo reluctantly tells Torbold everything about his brother, insisting that he encouraged the party not to say anything to anyone about Odo, and begs Torbold in particular not to tell his mother or father that he saw Owen. Torbold looks surprised and rubs at his forehead. “I’m so sorry to hear that,” he says, full of sincerity. “I want you to understand that none of this is your fault. You don’t have to feel guilty for your ancestors.” Odo presses him, asking if he’s ever had a secret he held so close to his chest that it felt like he couldn’t tell anyone. Torbold thinks for a moment, then says “you’ve got me there.” Odo thinks (with a 10 insight) that he’s being truthful and hasn’t had any major secrets like that in the past. Torbold promises that he and Ganth won’t tell anyone else, and that the secret will stay between them and the party (who he correctly assumes already know the secret).
        ◦ “Ganth is hauling you to the principal’s office” – Me, to Mike
    • Odo tells the party he’d had to tell the Watchful Voyagers about his brother, and apologizes for potentially ruining any trust between the party and the WV. The party forgives him easily, and he goes to rest for the evening by “sticking his head in a pile of hay.” Kaz goes to bring him some tea later. He’s enough of a celebrity, and known well enough for his eccentricity, that he’s allowed to sleep in the barn overnight.
    • Nev goes riding with Jandar and Kaz for the evening, then casts Commune
        ◦ Did Lord Querial hire Drishvak?: No
        ◦ Is Tinkerreach safe?: Yes
        ◦ Has Eurefius recently met with Lord Querial?: Not to the best of our knowledge, no.
    • After riding around on Tal Guenhyvar with Nev and Jandar, Kaz casts Contact Other Plane.
        ◦ Has anyone other than me contacted you recently?: No
        ◦ Did the people who used to contact you talk to you often?: No
        ◦ Can you see outside of the Far Realm?: confusion, but probably no.
            ▪ Kaz doesn’t get the sense that they can see where she is right now.
        ◦ Can you see through me the way you see through the mythallar?: Kaz sees things around her in a slightly fuzzy way, as if she’s been put into her own head the same way Exilicor once put her into the mythallar. She gets the sense that the answer is yes
    • We enter the mess hall for breakfast the next morning. Odo says something cryptic about trust to Meili, clearly still feeling guilty about keeping his brother a secret. Meili shrugs him off. Nev senses something in the vibes and retrieves Odo from the group of werebears, distracting him with Leehan’s tabaxi kitten babies. 
        ◦ Kaz’s dad gets up a little later since he performs in the evenings at the Wandering Minstrel
    • We go to meet with Torbold and Ganth, to clear the air about Odo’s secret. Ganth closes the office door and casts some sort of spell to keep our conversation from being overheard. “So. we learned some things. Let’s discuss. Does anyone have anything to add to what we’ve already heard from Odo? And is there anything else we should know?” 
      Lana looks at Kaz and prods her. “Kaz? Do you want to tell them about your patron?” 
      Kaz stares at Lana, horrified and flabbergasted. “You promised not to mention that!” 
    • With the cat out of the bag, Kaz very reluctantly tells Torbold and Ganth that her patron is the same entity that powers the mythallar, to their complete shock. After a moment of stunned silence and rapid thinking, Torbold admits that it “explains a few things about the whole situation with the mythallar” and asks her to tell them the whole story from the beginning. Haltingly, she does so.
    • Torbold looks thoughtful. “Most of the things that come from beyond the planes are…”
“Unpleasant?” Kaz suggests.
“...not very nice.” He studies her. “Do you have reason to believe that this thing is different?” Kaz points out that Exilicor doesn’t seem to know much about the planes, let alone care about them.
    • Torbold and Ganth theorize that Exilicor may not have a mind of their own, given that so little is known about creatures from the Far Realm. Kaz agrees that while their mind isn’t like any mortal’s, they do have some sort of consciousness and that they wanted the mirror destroyed because it hurt them.
    • Torbold: “I cannot think of any reason why your ability to draw magical power from this source would change anything about what we already believe or have planned. Can any of you?” Kaz doesn’t say anything, not yet ready to admit just how deep the connection appears to go.
    • Ganth turns the conversation fully back to strategy. “I think we should discuss what we currently know. There are so many disparate threads of evidence and clues.” He rolls out a scroll with a conspiracy map on it. “From everything you’ve told us, I drew this chart. There are so many things we lack information about. So many players”
        ◦ We modify the conspiracy chart to add in some of our own information.
    • After studying, modifying, and discussing the chart, we come up with the following theories:
        ◦ Kaz thinks more about how Asger found out about our trip to the aboleth temple. It occurs to her that he didn’t get all his info from one place – he knew about our house and the mirror before we decided to go to the aboleth temple.
          As for knowing where we’d be, he clearly thought he’d get us at our house. It occurs to Kaz, looking at the conspiracy map and the connections, that there’s some cooperation between the left and right sides of the map. Things that celestials learned might flow through the connections to Asger. Celestials might have heard information about our activities from the peace conference. Nev is helping Kaz think through all this, and recalls that she had a conversation with Prince Lyrion on the dance floor that could’ve been overheard by corrupted celestials and passed along.
            ▪ There may still be some outstanding questions, like where did he find out about the mirror? There might be even more questions beyond that.
        ◦ Somehow, whatever madness is affecting the celestials allows them to relay information that they know to fiends, and to capitalize on that information. Despite being the only one who could’ve leaked the fake information the WV gave to him to test his loyalty, Branaris denied it, and said that he wouldn’t have said anything incriminating, that was crazy.
        ◦ We decide that if this is indeed madness, then perhaps curing it will be the diagnosis.
        ◦ Odo can’t detect any dishonesty from Ganth or Torbold
    • Ganth hands Kaz the conspiracy map, then heads out. Odo heads after him to inquire more about his family.
Text RP
flashback
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:45 PM
(When we were talking Meili after the Odo/Emmealot fight, can we have asked WHERE the Bear Lord is in the Beastlands?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:46 PM
(She doesn’t know that exactly)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:47 PM
(Oh, so they didn't speak with him, they got their power another way?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:48 PM
(Yes)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:49 PM
(oooo is it taboo to ask them how?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:52 PM
She just looks down into your eyes and then makes a wicked grin and bares her teeth showing you her huge fangs 
“the old fashioned way”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:53 PM
oh god
uh I mean
"Oh, wow. Those are impressive." and Nev will not press further lol cuz surely Nev knows some pretty sad stories of lycanthropy being a Selunite
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:56 PM
Kaz looks a little surprised that Nevaeh didn't know that, but brushes it aside in favor of more pressing questions. "You made it sound like you couldn't pass on your lycanthropy to Odo, but surely it wouldn't be that hard to bite him? Unless you just don't want to. I certainly won't press you."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:58 PM
(Nev could have been asking for the story behind it, she knows how folks can turn into a lycanthrope haha but she'll just step aside to let Kaz ask more questions)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:58 PM
(aah, that's fair. I rescind my surprise)
(and I really only had the one question)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:59 PM
(Not totally sure Nev would know about a Bear Lord that can grant the gift though)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:00 PM
She says “we don’t bite men.” 
She walks out.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:01 PM
?!
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:01 PM
ooooo shit
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:01 PM
oh. it's like that.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:01 PM
(that's spicy)
(I like her)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:01 PM
(same)
Kaz shrugs to Nevaeh. "Guess that explains it"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:02 PM
"Is that because of what Lady Renalia said, That 'men are idiots'?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:03 PM
(how did we not pick up on that)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:04 PM
"I don't think they've ever met Lady Renalia before. But I get the sense they'd get along quite well"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:14 PM
"yeah I was just wondering if they don't bite men because they're not as intelligent?" She's not picking up on anything y'all might be lol
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:17 PM
Kaz shrugs again. "I don't know their exact reasons. We'd have to ask. It just seems like the sort of thing Lady Renalia would do if she were a werebear"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:19 PM
"Agreed. Maybe they just don't taste as good. Anyways!"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:21 PM
"I'm sure Odo doesn't taste very good" she murmurs conspiratorially.
"Anyway. We'll just have to look into other options, I suppose"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:23 PM
“Anything tastes great in the right sauce.”

present time
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/16/2023 10:25 PM
Kaz shuffles nervously, pulling her journal onto her lap. "So. Um. Yeah. You're really the only ones who know that I have a pact with somethin' from outside the multiverse. Well, you lot an' Zeferio, but he's off explorin' this time period as far as I know. So... um. Please don't tell anyone." She looks imploringly around the room.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/16/2023 10:29 PM
Nev's mouth is just open. Aghast at how they might react.
(Can I figure out if Lana was being shady at all by mentioning this to the WV?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:02 AM
(The effort towards disclosure was more of an effort to be honest and not shady. The decisions for secrecy on the part of some members was potentially jeopardizing our whole mission, and potentially the entire planes.)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:41 AM
(So Lana decided that Kaz not telling them about Excilicor was jeopardizing our mission?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:38 PM
(Yup, not only by building distrust by actively hiding fundamental information about who we are that is relevant to key events in the storyline, which could get us and our families booted from Brinshaven if we’re caught a second time either lying or obfuscating, but also could prevent WV from helping us piece together how things are connected and what we could/should do. When ganth asks “is there anything else you’re not telling us?”, that’s precisely what he’s getting at)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:39 PM
(We should probably actively RP some of this stuff)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:42 PM
(I was just wondering if I needed to roll insight or something lol)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:42 PM
“We know we can’t trust everyone, Kaz, but we have to know who we can trust. We can trust each other,  and we can trust Ganth and Torbald… and that’s probably it.”
“I’m sorry I put you on the spot like that, my little Wiggle Fingers. You’ve seen me protect you countless time in battle, so I hope you can believe me when I say that the last thing I want is for you to feel exposed.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:50 PM
“I do trust them!” Kaz says sharply. Then, softer, “I do. But you didn’t even give me a chance, Lana. You forced me to talk about the one thing you promised you’d never tell anyone about. I didn’t even get a chance to think of what to say.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 2:04 PM
Sitting back, shaking her head "You know, in this time where even angels can be corrupted, we only have each other to rely on. Even if we do trust Ganth and Torbald, at the end of the day we only have our trust in one another. You should have conferred with Kaz first, Lana. That was her secret to share."
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 2:36 PM
Odo exhales 
"I done know I didn't wanna go cause more havok than a wet hen I reckon...  And maybe I done did do that... I just had done been thinking bout y'all, the family and figured ...if I didn't tell um bout you-know-who maybe they done had found out at a bad time and it done had kicked us and all our family out from here… since I figure… at least… right now... We ain't got no other home.  As strange as that done may be… I do hope it ain't permenant… I don't think it will be...”
“And Nev be right. But I uh, do done be thinking… maybe Lana… you felt overwhelmed in the moment with how I did do shake the tree that be Ganth and Torbald... I'm sorry if I did overwhelm all ya ...even just having a small rest before the meeting this mornin… reckon that wasn't enough.”
“I again do be apologizing to y'all… I feel like I stoked the fire hotter than the stove that Eudora would work on with grace when she'd be looking after us at our home.  I done had been thinking bout how I had that same feelin in the pit of my stomach when I did done tell y'all about what Pa had told me...”
“I should’ve maybe approached y'all first before I went to ask Ganth ‘bout dark magic… I just was so wrapped up in worry that I'd be more of a problem because of all we saw with you-know-who and Asger...”
“Movin forward I’ll be better ‘bout mentioning to y'all before I go be ramblin off ‘bout something to anyone that ain't us all… even if I done be mighty emotional about it and be a worried.... I know I done have learned to turn my anger into something that help keep us safe tapping into my Ursina family roots… but I’ve still not overcome my worry about y'all and I be working on that…”
“It do be all my fault, as we wouldn't even been having to talk to Ganth & Torbald had it done not been for me..."
Odo exhales again 
"Kaz I know how you've done been holding that mighty close to ya ...Nev again be right it was your secret to share ...And like I mentioned I do done feel like I just brewed up a mighty storm...and again all this...maybe...coulda been avoided"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 3:58 PM
"You couldn't have known it would lead to this, Odo. That being said, all of us should confer with the group before we go off having one-on-one convos with powerful people. Even if they are allies."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 4:07 PM
“Thank you, Odo. I’m not upset with you for tellin’ anyone about your brother - the way I see it, it’s your secret to choose whether or not to share.” She sighs, rubbing her eyes. “Nevaeh does have a point, though. We shouldn’t split up for important conversations.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 5:40 PM
“It wasn’t my story to tell, and… I apologize for pushing it. But you weren’t the only one put on the spot, we were all put on the spot. I was afraid that if I didn’t say something then, that it would get pulled out, like what happened to Odo. From Odo’s telling, that wasn’t a cake walk at all either. I don’t want anyone else in my head digging around, not anymore. Thinking back though, I probably could have done a better job of giving you the opportunity to tell your story on your own terms.”
“I really do feel rotten about how it went down. I hope I can find a better way to apologize than just saying sorry.”
“And to Odo - as much as I’m terrified that you would go talk to Ganth without us, especially Kaz and Nevaeh, I appreciate and respect that there was a part of you that wanted to protect us, and a part of you that wanted to be honest.”
“If you hadn’t done that, then we wouldn’t have been forced to come clean with the Watchful Voyagers. Which we are now. And they gave us their little map-a-roo, so now we can find more answers.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:05 PM
"Okay, so no more putting each other on the spot. No more going behind each others backs. We're all on this crazy Limbo platform together."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:50 PM
Kaz doesn’t say anything for a moment, but she does soften slightly. Eventually, quietly, she says “Thank you, Lana”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:52 PM
(Not sure Nev is buying Kaz's calmness)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:00 PM
(She's clearly still upset. But you get the sense she's made up her mind not to hold a grudge, and is willing to let Lana try to make it up to her)
(She's not covering up any of her feelings, either)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:11 PM
(I don't think Nev has any secrets lol she just...is)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:25 PM
Kaz hesitantly looks between Ganth and Torbold, fidgeting with the edge of her journal. "Now that you know about... about Exilicor, is there anything you'd like me to ask them?"
John Dungeon Master — Today at 7:50 PM
They looked at you pensively. Ganth would ask you a bunch of questions about how you contact it and so forth. They don’t immediately have any suggestions that you haven’t already asked in some form but Ganth says “since you say you have difficulty communicating with this being, perhaps you should simply try to work on gaining a better rapport?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 8:15 PM
"Like...Lana does?"
(okay who changed the channel name? lol also i have definitely been forgetting to do that)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:22 PM
Kaz answers all of their questions - haltingly at first, but with more confidence as they all continue. When Ganth suggests she focus on gaining a better rapport, she nods. “That makes some sense. Talkin’ to them has gotten easier over time, I think because they’ve learned a bit more about how to communicate with us. I don’t think any of their previous warlocks have really bothered.” She sounds a little sad about that.
She turns to Nevaeh. “Uh… perhaps? I don’t think I can reach them just by meditatin’, but I’ve never really tried either”
(Guilty 😂)
channel name changed from dra-gains (to represent our Rezzoradrath hoard haul) to far-flung-fuckery
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:51 PM
Smutlana notices that Kaz is progressively more comfortable talking about Excilicor with Ganth and Torbald after some time, and smiles encouragingly while listening. "That's a good point, Nev. Maybe just the meditation alone could give you insight on how you could better communicate with Excilicor. I know the first instinct to find an answer is to look around out here in the outer space." Smutlana theatrically points her staff hither and thither to random points in the room.
She takes two fingers and presses them to her temple. "But I've found that just by opening myself up to my symbiont in meditation, I've found the answers and the strength that I seek, right here in my inner space."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:54 PM
"It's nice for making space for specific thoughts, or no thoughts."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:57 PM
Smutlana opens her eyes suddenly in surprise, then crinkles her nose in laughter, shaking her head like an amused cobra. "I've had so many voices in my head that sometimes I can only hear my own thoughts in the silence."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:05 PM
“Perhaps I’ll try it later” Kaz says softly. 
She studies the conspiracy map on the wall, then delicately taps the line connecting the afflicted celestials to Darala. “If the Alethineum can truly restore the celestials’ minds, then we’ve broken a key link in the flow of information between both sides of the map. We wouldn’t be safe, not until we’ve dismantled the entire network, but we’d be much safer” 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 5:07 PM
Odo nods deeply
