    • We’re in a lounge area in a triangular part of a hallway, on the 8th floor near the meeting room and our rooms. Kaz releases Banishment and Lana and Necropoieties reappear in the same space they disappeared from. Odo grapples Lana and Nev leaps forward and casts Greater Restoration on Lana. Lana suddenly realizes that she’s attuned to a cursed item that has been controlling her thoughts and preventing her from unattuning to the staff. She voluntarily unattunes from the staff and drops it to the ground.
    • The staff hovers off the ground, its eyes glowing brightly with malice. A bloodcurdling wail comes from the spell’s mouth. Nev and Lana immediately fall unconscious, while Kaz, Odo, and Cloudsilver become frightened of the staff.
    • Odo feeds Lana a potion and hacks at Neko, but is so afraid he can’t make contact. Nev (rolls a natural 20 on her death save and) wakes up, then heals herself and casts Twilight Sanctuary.
    • Cloudsilver throws the Rainbow Dagger at Necropoieties and hits it dead on, right between the eyes. The staff doesn’t seem to take full damage, even from the magical weapon. It also sucks the health out of Nev and Kaz to heal itself.
    • Kaz hexes it and blasts the shit out of it. It doesn’t seem to feel the effects of necrotic or psychic damage, but it takes the full force of the blasts themselves.
    • Odo grabs the staff, grappling it, and drags it away from the rest of the party. It continues to attack the party, so he shoves it into his bag of holding. It remains trapped there, unable to leave the bag or destroy our other stuff.
    • Leehan comes by to get us for the meeting, and is shocked to see blast marks on the walls from a few of Kaz’s missed shots. Kaz tiredly says she was doing “target practice” because she’s too tired to explain what happened. Nev takes pity on Leehan and explains what happened as we go to the meeting.
    • Before going to bed, Kaz casts Unseen Servant to repair the party’s costumes. She also cuddles with Valentina as she goes to bed, stressed about everything that’s happened that day and especially about Asger.
    • Cloudsilver catches a ride back to the asteroid Marvinia on one of the WV’s spelljamming ships (the flying fish ship The Seraphim).
    • The party goes to Torbold to ask for help destroying Necropoieties (rather than asking Ganth, since he’s supposed to be resting). Torbold recommends that we put it into one of the fiendish holding spells, which are solid metal, have airlock-style doors, and have nonmagical fields (which will cause everything in a bag of holding to fall out).
        ◦ Torbold asks why Smutlana would attune to a demonic staff that she found in an evil wizard’s tower. Lana admits that it was hubris that she thought she could control the staff.
        ◦ Some of the cells have fiends, which are imprisoned so that the WV can get intelligence from them (and because they return to their home plane when they’re killed).
    • Odo enters one of the cells with his axe and his bag of holding. Sure enough, the staff and everything else in the bag shoots out onto the floor. The staff seems inert, and Odo is easily able to smash the staff and skull into sawdust. Kaz cheers through the door. Odo then pisses on the sawdust, to everyone’s disgust, and is forced to clean up after himself.
        ◦ “I had to give Neko a farewell gift. And I really had to go.” - Odo Falcanspur
    • We decide to cast Speak With Dead on Asger’s head to try to get information. We know that the corpse might lie if it doesn’t trust the person asking questions, and we’ve seen Asger with yugoloths and with demons (particularly Graatz in Zeletar), so Nev decides to wear a mezzoloth fiend suit for the interrogation. The spell fails. Disappointed, Lana casts Moonbeam and incinerates the head.
        ◦ Nev knows the spell can fail if the soul has already been returned to life in another body. There are legendary cases of people being called back to the afterlife in new bodies, which is what would’ve had to happen, given that we had Asger’s head.



    • We spend the day warning our loved ones of Asger’s most recent defeat, and the likely consequences. We planeshift to Torthyr to pick up Kaz’s dad and anyone else who’s especially vulnerable. People call out to Kaz as she moves through town, and she says hi back, but a little sadly.
    • We find Erudir in the Hearthstone Inn. He and Kaz hug, and Nev crashes in from behind to hug them both. A few townspeople have followed Kaz into the tavern as well, and Kaz explains to everyone present that Asger is still a major threat, that he has been resurrected without a body, and that he’s probably out for vengeance for the party’s recent escape. She says that she doesn’t want to put anyone in the town in danger, so she won’t be back for a while, and that she’s willing to bring anyone with her who doesn’t want to stay in Torthyr. Ildar, the chief of the wardens, comes in to listen. He says “I can assure you, we’ve taken all measures to guard the town.” Kaz is relieved.
    • No one else can quite believe just how dangerous Asger is, particularly because the town has never been razed by a vengeful dragon or anything of that level. They’re reluctant to go somewhere Kaz won’t really describe, and Kaz knows she can only bring 8 other people with her when she planeshifts anyway.
    • Erudir, who Asger literally imprisoned, CAN believe the danger. He’s still reluctant to leave, but Kaz manages to convince him to come with her. She also manages to convince Lorelei and Rhyleigh to come to Brin’s Haven for a year by telling them what a grand adventure it’ll be.
    • Nev casts Sending to warn Jasper that we’ve come in contact with Asger, he’s more powerful than expected, and we have reason to believe he’d be coming after our loved ones again. He asks how he can help, and Nev tells him to take care of himself.
    • Smutlana opens up a tree portal to East Amphail. Lorelei and Rhyleigh look around in awe, as this is the farthest they’ve ever been from home. Othar is meeting with some building contractors. He’s happy to see Odo, and asks what’s brought him. Odo emphasizes the importance of family, introduces Kaz and her family, and starts to talk about protecting family from impending doom. Othar takes him somewhere more private so Odo can explain what’s happened. Odo does so. Othar says he’s a Falcanspur and he doesn’t run from danger, but insists that Odo take his mother and two youngest sisters to safety.
        ◦ Othar doesn’t know where Tammy is, since she’s off on her paladin training. He’s clearly still pissed about it. Odo: “Maybe someday you’ll realize she’s a great paladin. I can see it”
        ◦ Othar, upon seeing Lana’s new form: “What in all the hells is that?”
          Lana: “I did a little growing since we last met. Lost all the feathers”
    • Odo produces the “cyanide pill” poison and says “You told me to become a hero for this family’s legacy, and I intend to see that through. But there are some things that you don’t want to endure. So take this all in one swallow if you need to. I don’t want to see you, in your last throes of life, having to face demons and devils torturing you” Othar takes the poison vial, looks at Odo, nods, and puts it in his coat pocket.
    • Odo also tells Othar about Excrecera, the Shar priestess we saw working with Graatz and Asger. Othar is much more willing to come along when it’s about fighting evil, and he convinces Jandar to come to safety.
        ◦ Sir Gondrian and Sear’Rebellion have enough fighting skill that they have a chance of surviving an attack, and elect to stay behind. Sir Gondrian and a few other retainers are left in charge of the Falcon’s Roost rebuilding. Sear’Rebellion swears to take off Asger’s head if he returns, and Odo tells him it’s a lot of fun.
    • Kaz Planeshifts herself, Smutlana, Erudir, Lorelei, Rhyleigh, and Jandar to Brin’s Haven. Nev uses Word of Recall to take herself, Odo, and Othar to Waterdeep to pick up the rest of Odo’s immediate family.
        ◦ Kaz pulls out her tuning fork to cast the spell and Erudir assumes she’s taken up a musical instrument. He asks her what instrument she’s started to play just as the spell takes hold and collapses on the group, whisking them to Brin’s Haven. He’s suitably impressed, and Kaz is very proud.
    • Nev’s group appears in the House of the Moon. Nev and Odo see Mira (another priestess, one of Jesselia’s assistants) standing on the balcony above the main sanctuary. Mira clocks Nev and immediately walks off toward Jesselia’s office. Nev considers leaving quickly, but decides to go see Khim instead. They embrace, and Nev explains that she feels that something big is going to happen soon, and to stay safe. Khim looks concerned, but says “okay...”
        ◦ she decides to keep the full details about Asger to herself, for Khim’s safety
    • Sora, the treasurer werecat priestess (reasonably high-ranking, outranks Nev) comes up and asks where Nev has been recently. 
        ◦ Nev: “a little bit of everywhere, honestly. Why do you ask? Do you need my help with anything?” 
          Sora: “The high priestess would like to speak with you. She’s not in town right now, but she’ll be back by the Feast of the Moon” (at the end of the month, which we’re halfway through)
          Nev: “I’ll ask Khim to let me know when she’s back in town and I’ll come by.”
          Sora: “I’m not sure what she wants, but she had me keep an eye out for you”
          Nev, jokingly: “Am I in trouble for something?”
          Sora: “Have you done anything wrong?”
          Nev, trying to jokingly play off Sora’s weirdness: “You never know. No one wants to be called for the principal’s office”
          Odo: “That’d be a cat-tastrophy!”
            ▪ Nev isn’t very high-ranking
    • Nev shows off the reliquary to show that she hasn’t lost or damaged it. Sora asks to see it and casts some kind of divination spell on it. Her eyes narrow, but she hands it back to Nev and says “Do you… hmm” and doesn’t say anything else. Nev prods at her and she asks “Do you have some special abilities that we’re not aware of, perhaps?”
        ◦ Nev just says she’s grown in power as a result of adventuring
        ◦ Nev can tell that Sora seems skeptical and suspicious, but doesn’t stop them from leaving
    • Othar leads the way to his mansion, where he and Odo tell the other Falcanspurs to pack their things to go to Brin’s Haven. They’re understandably upset to be shuffled off with so little warning, but they do pack up and come along. Nev goes around the block and gives her maid time off. Othar gives his staff time off as well. Nev planeshifts the group back to Brin’s Haven.
    • We spend the rest of the evening showing our friends and family around Brin’s Haven. Kaz introduces Angela to Lorelei and Rhyleigh. Everyone’s a little in shock by it all, but they start making friends. Odo’s sisters are also quite out of their element. Bobbi is intrigued by the whole thing, but Lori is despondent and wants to go home and see her friends. Othar decides to talk to people among the WV so he can get up to speed, share his own knowledge of the Shar cultists and the Shadovar, and get started on some missions.
    • Nev casts Raise Dead on Twilight, who immediately asks about Luna and Willow. Smutlana explains that Luna and Willow didn’t make it, and Twilight is sad. She explains that we’re in a new home, and she’s going to make a new Willow. Twilight looks at Smutlana and signs “So it’s just us now.” Smutlana reassures him that they’ll make new friends with new people, and Eudora and Valentina are still alive. She also shows Twilight around Brin’s Haven.
        ◦ Lana is given a space downstairs to set up a mushroom farm
    • Legair sends a message back with The Seraphim that he’s readying the Starglimmer for a trip to the Plane of Water, and it should be ready by tomorrow.
    • Kaz asks Ganth how to make a planar tuning fork. He explains that if you’re in a planar destination that you want to make a tuning fork for, you need to have a tuning fork of the proper material that you then tune to the proper frequency of that plane. He requisitions a set of blank tuning forks of different materials and the equipment to tune them for Kaz.
        ◦ Kaz wanted to make a tuning fork for the Far Realm as an academic exercise, but then heard she’d have to be in the Far Realm to do so and decided against it.
    • Smutlana meditates with her symbiotic spores, and finds them much more receptive to communing with her now that she’s uncursed (because they were revolted by the staff). She apologises and smooths things over with them, and gets the feeling she might be able to communicate more with them and unlock some things in the near future now that the staff’s evil is purged.
    • Kaz casts Sending to Linessia to let her know that we all survived, we have Valentina, and we won’t be back in Sigil. She also thanks Linessia for sending guards to our house. She responds “Glad you’re okay. Things are stable here. Many problems remain. Contact with news of Lady Renalia’s soul”
    • Nev casts Sending to Branaris and asks “Can you hear me? If so, respond to this message.” She specifically doesn’t call him “Dad” or call herself by name. She gets no response. She also privately casts Commune.
        ◦ “Have we run into Odo’s brother recently?”: unclear (Nev is unable to interpret the omen)
        ◦ “Has Lady Renalia’s soul been destroyed?”: probably not (It was not immediately destroyed when she died, but it’s currently not within Nev’s divinatory vision)
        ◦ “Is Lady Jesselia trying to scry on me through my reliquary?”: yes
        ◦ Nev also takes Valentina for the evening (“It’s like we’re divorced parents sharing custody” – Kaz)
    • Lana wakes up the next morning to find a long fungal stalk growing from her body. She gets the feeling that it’s something from the symbiont, and that it could probably function as a slightly magical Shillelagh staff to replace Necropoieties.
    • Torbold, Leehan, Boswell, and Ganth finds us before we go to get our plan on destroying the Conduit. Kaz explains that she hopes just sticking the mirror into the rift will break it’s connection, so she can keep the mirror itself (for its historical value and because she might use it to trick Asger). She acknowledges that if she can’t break its connection by just sticking it in briefly, she’ll throw it inside as far as she can.
        ◦ Ganth suggests he should come along and is convinced to stay instead. Kaz tells him that something big is coming, and he’ll be most helpful if he saves his strength for that moment.
        ◦ Torbold says that part of him wants to send a team of his best fighters along with us, but he knows that too many people can complicate a mission. We’re grateful nonetheless
    • Kaz planeshifts the party to Marvinia. The Captain explains that he hasn’t received official orders from anyone, but as the fleet admiral he can give those orders himself. He’s asked the guest-oriented staff to stay behind for their own safety.
    • We sail to the Astral, then the Ethereal, then the Deep Ethereal, and into the Plane of Water, which takes most of the day. We arrive near Prince Lyrion’s principate, which the crew knows because he’s had dealings with Lady Renalia in the past. We can see out into the Plane of Water through the windows.
        ◦ Kaz spends the evening looking out the window in the observatory and doing planar reseach. She alternates between looking through the planar sextant and sketching in her journal.
        ◦ Lana communes with the Symbiont and learns that the new shillelagh is its attempt to replace Lana’s weapon. She knows that it will continue to try to grow the weapon’s power, and that Lana can probably guide it’s growth.
        ◦ Nev makes friends with the dwarven chef (who insisted on coming along on the mission) and asks him to teach her to cook. At first he’s like “leave it to the professionals.” Then, when she manages to convince him to teach her, he starts using very technical terms and asking her to grab things. Finally, he starts explaining things at the level of “this is a cutting board”
        ◦ Odo catches up with the crew, lends a hand, and enjoys the trash chute some more.
    • We see an expanse of coral reef appear through the water’s haze. None of the party has ever seen a coral reef before, though Nev has studied oceans as a Selunite priestess and Lana has her nature knowledge from Psilofyr. As we get closer and closer, the sheer scale of it starts to register. It’s gargantuan, like being in a coral reef at the size of a little fish. The ship can steer between towering corals, past cities burrowed into the coral.
    • We dock at the city-state of Alalualia, at a dock built into the side of a giant coral. We’re greeted as honored guests and informed that we’ll have an audience with the prince the following day. They offer us air-filled accomodations for the night, which we excitedly take.
        ◦ Nev takes the Ring of Swimming for the evening since she has heavy armor. We’d originally found the ring beneath the water illusion in the illusory park in the Uvorin Decemvirate lab.
        ◦ Alalualia is a megacoraloid, a spherical coral reef that has grown out from a single particle for thousands of years to reach its current size. The plane of water has no “bottom” since that would be earth. All the light on the plane comes from either bioluminescent microorganisms or seeps in from the nearby Plane of Radiance.
        ◦ All the habitable areas of the Plane of Water are on the boundaries of other planes. The deepest parts of the Plane of Water are literally just dark, crushing water.
        ◦ Our rooms have seaweed mattresses and are decorated with coral, and have a place to dry our clothes.
    • The next day we’re brought to the Palace of Tides. Prince Lyrion’s throne is made from a single piece of azure coral. He’s seated beside his consort, Princess Cuole. He’s happy to hear that we’ve come to fight alongside him. He brings us to his ready room and introduces us to his chief general, Donarelle Cuelua, who’s wearing ornate metal armor.
    • We explain a bit more of what we’re hoping to do. Prince Lyrion explains that he and his people are planning a strike on the aboleth fortress of Glxat’shou (“glax-at-sho”) the next day. 
        ◦ Ice in the plane of water doesn’t have to be cold. There are huge regions of solid water that essentially act like stone. The aboleth fortress is buried in one of these enormous ice shelves.
        ◦ The temple with the rift is in Zaradakar, which is a huge kelp forest near the ice range. It’s also burrowed into a free-floating iceberg. There were no visible guards outside, but twisted abominations escape from time to time to infest the waters.
        ◦ The tritons expect that the attack on the aboleth capital will probably divert the aboleth’s attention for us to raid the temple. We’re cautioned that our mission will probably be very dangerous and that he can’t protect us. Kaz says that she wouldn’t expect him to protect us, but she appreciates the information. He salutes our bravery as warriors.
        ◦ Typically, those who enter the kelp forest do not return. Only a few scouts have made it back
        ◦ General Denarelle gives us a professional and systematic rundown of aboleths. They’re large, genius-level psionic creatures that enjoy enthralling and controlling other creatures. They can also use their tentacles to infect their thralls with slimy transformations, at which point the thralls are called “Scum”. Some can use arcane magic. They claim to be older than the gods, superior to all other creatures, and the true inheritors of the planes and everything in them. They worship some kind of twisted deities not of this universe, and seem to believe that their gods are in some place beyond even the planes.
    • The prince assembles his forces. He leads them in a water chariot pulled by seahorses. We get back in the Starglimmer and set off for Zaradakar. The tritons recruit a pod of huge whales for us to swim with on the way to the kelp forest, as camoflage.
    • We reach the kelp forest. The leaves are as wide as a house, and we can’t see the top or the bottom of each strand. As the Starglimmer goes deeper in, it gets dimmer and dimmer. We travel very slowly and cautiously. Suddenly, we feel the ground shudder underneath our feet. Odo runs down to the ballistae, but can’t see anything, and we realize that something is assailing our ship from above. 
    • Smutlana runs up to the Observation Lounge, casting Speak With Animals as she runs. Kaz runs after Lana. Nev runs to the front and sees a gigantic four-foot-thick tentacle sweep by and slam the other side of the ship. A giant sucker covers her window as the creature attaches itself to the ship. The ship physically tilts 90 degrees, and Kaz and Lana trip over each other and fall prone on the wall. Cloudsilver calls for a report, and Foeslayer yells “Captain! It’s a kraken!”
        ◦ we start to realize why most of the things that enter this forest don’t leave
    • Nev asks the Captain what to do, and he says that she and the rest of the Far Flung Fellowship should slip out the ship’s hatches and get the kraken off the ship. He keeps the ship’s magical inner comms on so that everyone can hear him. Kaz and Lana run to the Promenade deck and starts putting on a fish suit, freshly repaired. Nev runs after them and puts on her own suit. Odo fires his ballista into the tentacle in front of his face. The kraken continues to slam into the ship, denting its sturdy construction.
    • Kaz, Lana, and Nev slip out into the water. They can see a gargantuan creature, larger than the ship itself, pulling the Starglimmer towards its mouth with massive tentacles.
        ◦ The “fish” near its mouth in the picture are sharks

    • Kaz casts Dissonant Whispers on the beast, hoping to make it flee. The kraken is too wise to fall for the gambit, and glares at Kaz. She swims away, but it grabs her with a tentacle and swallows her. She swears in Elvish, having given Odo a lot of shit for getting swallowed so often, and Dimension Doors herself to the other side of the ship. Fortunately, Odo makes it into his fish suit and out of the Starglimmer just after Kaz gets swallowed, so he doesn’t see anything.
    • True to form, Odo is the next to get swallowed. He surges into action, lights the pyrogenic longsword, and recklessly hacks at the kraken’s guts, carving up its insides (106 damage). It immediately throws him up again.
    • Nev casts several Guiding Bolts at its tentacles. Kaz can’t quite bewitch it with Mental Prison, so she takes a few shots with Eldritch Blast. Odo alternates between hacking at the kraken and maneuvering himself around Lana and Nev to keep them safe. Lana poisons the kraken with Contagion. Finally, the kraken releases a cloud of ink, releases the ship, and swims away.
        ◦ Odo and Lana are clutched in its tentacles when it leaves. Odo manages to wrestle his way out of his tentacle, and swims over to help Lana escape hers. Lana shapeshifts into a tiny fish and swims free, but the kraken lashes out with its tentacle and slaps the fish to death, re-grappling Lana. Odo hangs onto the kraken’s tentacle to try to free Lana as it continues to swim away. Fed up, the kraken grabs Odo and throws both him and Lana at Nev.
    • The kraken disappears into the forest, having seemingly lost interest in continuing the battle. The Starglimmer moves forward through the ink cloud, and the Far Flung Fellowship swims swiftly back inside.







Text RP
In Brin’s Haven
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/02/2023 3:22 PM
(Odo when there’s a small moment with Othar)
"Pa...I need to get some closure with ya on something..."
Odo pauses
"I reckon it won't take too long to handle, but if ya don't mind following me"
Odo motions to lead the way if Othar is willing to follow, then starts moving in a direction.
"Ya know Pa, how I did done be saying that Gilbert Oronson will done be brought to justice, I reckon his waste of a space has started to done be trying to reform his life - in fact he might even be far more useful helping out here, but I still done be holding a grudge at his lack of leadership and everything that ensued at Fort Gilbert - I done be havin' a hunch like a big'ole ant hole outside a tavern near a pile of trash that there be a many things we could of prevented, lives that might not have been lost had he taken different actions when faced with things"
Odo stretches, cracking neck, fingers, takes a deep sniff with his nostril
"Reckon he's this way, he be usually trying to help out over here"
Odo leads the way to Gilbert, if he can generally figure out?
(23 for History to recall where Gilbert generally is working at - 18 for Perception)
Odo wants to take Othar to see Gilbert
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/02/2023 3:33 PM
(You're taking Othar to Gilbert to talk about something you have a hunch on?) 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/02/2023 3:40 PM
(Just generally taking Othar to talk to Gilbert to sort things out as Gilbert has been MIA and imprisoned in Asger's tower and Othar hasn't had a chance to see him face to face afaik/recall since the start of the campaign?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/02/2023 4:02 PM
(oh, you just want to see if Othar has anything he wants to talk to him about)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/02/2023 5:00 PM
(yeeee 😆 )
John Dungeon Master — 06/02/2023 7:57 PM
Othar does go see Gilbert. Gilbert looks shocked to see him but then just looks at the two of you and then looks away. Othar stares at him. Finally he says “the venture didn’t go quite as well as we had hoped, did it Gilbert?” Gilbert shakes his head looking down. Othar says “I thought I knew you. What happened to you? How could you abandon the people who followed you into danger?”
John Dungeon Master — 06/02/2023 8:12 PM
Gilbert says “I wasn’t… I missed … I lost sight of… I was … there was a mutiny … a mutiny!! And … I just, I thought I needed to put it down and regain control... I’m not a natural leader…”
Othar says “I do not think you’re an evil man, Gilbert, but you have a weak soul, and I rue that I trusted you.” He walks away
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/02/2023 9:18 PM
Ooo ouch. He got a "I'm not mad at you. I'm just disappointed"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/09/2023 4:52 PM
( as Othar is walking away, Odo will follow in step and whisper )
"You know Pa, I appreciate the closure with Gilbert... I uh, was really trying to make it a priority to make sure that he was alive just to have this interaction with you/with-us uhh with others too... I do done think that maybe he trying to get his act together in this here chapter of his life but I reckon only time done do tell..."
Odo sighs
"But Pa..."
Odo whispers even a bit softer
"I know we not done find that safe yet... I reckon it done be long gone... and you know with whats in it I reckon I don't want that ruinin' our family... that contract... but I reckon... I done not say maybe as much but... but Asmodeus... I've seen him Pa... I was tremblin' when I did... really hard to not be... he didn't see me... at least I reckon we were disguised enough that he didn't"
Odo stopping walking, whispering quieter
"Pa, I know you did done say there's that there contract in that safe... but...I uh... I uh can't fathom what it would do if Asmodeus or anyone under Asmodeus do done have it in their hands now... I just don't know... but I want you to know I reckon I’m not gonna let anything hurt our family... and if it do be me that needs to be sacrificed in order to protect each one of ya I'd do it, I'd lay my body down in the line of fire - I'd also do the same for my friends... I reckon in some senses what is our legacy, what is the Falconspur legacy if we do just sit and wither as we age, I know that ain't gonna happen... I'd much rather burn out than just fade away into the abyss..."
Odo stops briefly looking at Othar in his eyes
"I'm gonna figure this out Pa, things will go back to normal, you, Ma and the girls, life will go back to normal...I reckon... in some time..."
John Dungeon Master — 06/09/2023 7:05 PM
He stops, pauses, turns and says “… you’ve seen … what?!”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/09/2023 7:07 PM
Odo nods, motions with his hands to keep things quiet, almost motioning a zipper accross his lips
"...Pa, I did indeed...but reckon it be important to keep this mighty quiet...a lotta me thinks back to that, I do be mighty surprised we all made it outta there..."
John Dungeon Master — 06/09/2023 7:51 PM
His teeth clench and every muscle in his face tightens. His face turns red and twitches but then suddenly he just exhales and wipes his brow with his hand and just face palms. “I just don’t even know anymore. Son, do whatever you think is best”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/09/2023 7:55 PM
Odo nods solemnly
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:48 AM
Okay, questions for the Captain, finally have a moment to sit this weekend and write them out. This would just be some random stuff she'd have asked while touring Brin's Haven or downtime while traveling or whatnot: 
When did he start to follow Celestian? 
Does he have a favored temple, or place of worship? (Alicia read that Celestian doesn't have a ton of temples because he's the deity of wanderers, but that the few he does have are in crazy interesting places, and if the Captain travels around a ton he's probably seen one)
Why did he choose an astral dragon for the masquerade ball, any signifcance behind it?
What all lower planes has he been to during his travels or deliveries for Lady R? And does he know anything of Twelve Trees?
(I have a number of Morgana related questions but will save that for another time when we're in need of a side-quest diversion and not heading into almost certain death. But I do have one question that I'd ask during downtime, and that's how old was he when he "fell in" with the pirates, and did their crew have a name?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 2:07 PM
He studied astral navigation at the academy of Celestian in Sigil which is attached to the substantial temple there.  Sigil has a lot of planar wanderers and thus there is a large following there.  He's been to many shrines in wildspace and the planes. He thinks astral dragons look cool. He's been to all of the lower planes but not all of the layers.  He's heard of twelve trees but doesn't know much about it other than that tana'ri used it as a staging ground for blood war attacks on Baator. He was 18 when he joined the pirates. The crew didn't have a name per se, but the ship was called the Raven.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/09/2023 1:30 PM
The staff we saw Darala using on the celestials, did it look like the staves around the summoning circle?
Was Lady R's mask on when she was killed?
They had drafted a statement of unity at the convention, but had anybody signed it yet?
On that note, Kaz overheard a number of different delegations discussing this statement of unity, and specifically their "plans" for the following day. Indicating the people she heard assumed there would be a day 3 of the convention. So, was there a major group that was specifically left out of those overheard conversations? She heard the Harmonium, and "others". Who were the others?
Can I use legend lore on the sword that killed Lady R? Or does that not make sense to do.
The plant told us that the assassin was wearing a white cloak, did the cloak get any blood on it? Do we recall seeing anybody wearing a similarly described cloak at the ball?
Do we still have the brooch of shielding and abracadabrus? Cuz apparently we got one when we raided Asger's tower.
Excrecera specifically did not kneel for Graatz, like Asger did, what can I conclude from that? She's more powerful, older, somehow higher ranking than him? I assume he didn't look annoyed about it?
When Nev was using true sight at the ball, she saw Lady Theolona Rydhell’s dragon form, did she happen to see a form that looked like Resoradroth? (Lets just assume I can't spell any of these names.)
In the Shitheads Book, Asger had underlined that it would be dangerous to ask about Nev at the House of the Moon, but from what we can tell he did so anyways. What can I gather about why he would have thought that was more dangerous than looking into the others? Just due to the temple's protections, that people there could potentially see through his disguise? (Or would it have something to do with him having a Waterdhavian accent???)
John Dungeon Master — 06/09/2023 7:37 PM
Ok there’s a few things I can answer. The staff was not the same. Her mask was off. The statement of unity was passed, it didn’t have to be signed, but it wasn’t “legally binding” or anything. There were probably some white cloaks at the ball, but there were like tons of people. You have the brooch but never got the abracadabrus.
You don’t know for sure any of the other things.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/09/2023 7:56 PM
okayyy
Thank you!
In the Elemental Plane of Water
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/25/2023 9:16 PM
(How much does Kaz know about the plane of water?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/25/2023 9:19 PM
(Presumably a fair bit, from her studies. What do you want to know?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/25/2023 9:20 PM
(what's the alignment of the plane? how dangerous is it actually? like is everything going to try and kill us or only some things. like...our ocean) 
John Dungeon Master — 05/25/2023 9:21 PM
(Kaz would know that inner planes don’t have alignments)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/25/2023 9:22 PM
(Well, the aboleths will probably try to kill us 😅 )
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/25/2023 9:23 PM
(Well that's a given lol any giant kraken beasties that will try to destroy ships and whatnot?)
(oh, what do they travel on down there? under water)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/25/2023 9:29 PM
(Kaz would know that water elementals and Marids (water djinn) live there, and would assume that most creatures either swim or use magic to get where they're going) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/25/2023 9:45 PM
(Are merpeople a thing? Are they evil?)
John Dungeon Master — 05/26/2023 11:00 AM
(Merpeople are a thing)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/26/2023 11:24 AM
(Adding that to Nev's bucket list of creatures to see)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/29/2023 6:55 PM
(So, our RP time frame is the rest of the day leftover after we brought all our family to Brin's Haven, am I recalling that correctly?)
John Dungeon Master — 05/29/2023 7:07 PM
(Yep)
(Or if you want to jump to the evening of 15th and the 16th which you spent in Alalualia)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/29/2023 7:25 PM
(boy that is not how I spelled that at all)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/29/2023 7:53 PM
(Oh I was close!)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/29/2023 8:04 PM
(I appreciate the Polynesian flair on the names)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/30/2023 10:52 PM
Nev has some questions for the Captain if we're going to have downtime. Because of course she does. And, I'd also like to see if we can get to know the prince and his (not princess/wife, what was her title?) more. Since we kinda rushed that since we were gonna come back to it. Their kingdom, or whatever it's called, it super cool so I want to know everything.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/30/2023 11:34 PM
The princess was referred to as both a princess and a consort
and Kaz is also hella interested, and taking copious notes
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/30/2023 11:44 PM
consort, that's the word
John Dungeon Master — 05/31/2023 12:41 AM
Sure
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/31/2023 6:39 PM
So, while we're getting the tour by the Prince, is the consort there? Nev wants to ask how they came to be together. (Like, arranged marriage or whatnot.)
John Dungeon Master — 05/31/2023 10:50 PM
It was indeed an arranged marriage. She was born into the royal family of a Triton settlement on a nearby megacoraloid. Their marriage sealed an alliance and the dowry was in the form of weapons
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/31/2023 11:21 PM
"Wow, weapons? The same ones being used to fight the Aboleths I take it? Er, on that note, if my healing could be of service while I'm here, please let me know, I'm more than happy to assist. Or if there are any followers of Selune, I can offer services as well."
(no idea who they'd worship down here, if anybody.)
John Dungeon Master — 06/01/2023 12:13 AM
They worship Persana, the patron of Tritons
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/01/2023 1:21 AM
"Well, let me know if I can be of assistance while we're here." She starts rattling off questions "What creatures do you use for transportation down here? Do you have any favorite festivals that you celebrate here? What are they like? Are merpeople nice? Can I meet one? Is there someone here that can teach you underwater breathing? Is there a market we can take a look at when we come back?"
John Dungeon Master — 06/01/2023 6:53 PM
1) giant sea horses 2) the festival of Elasuala when we decorate everything with bioluminescent plants and have a big procession through the city and athletic games including chariot racing to remember a victory in a massive battle long ago. 3) it depends on the merperson 4) maybe you’ll see one in the city, some do visit 5) can humans learn to breath water? We’ve never taught it before, we’re all born breathing water. 6) yes there are several markets 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/01/2023 6:59 PM
We definitely have to go shopping when we get back. If we get back?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/01/2023 7:35 PM
On the topic if humans can learn to breath under water: "Do you often have folks coming through that aren't uh...suited...for aquatic life? Like us?" points to the group "I was just wondering if you had any magic casters here that offer up their services to make folks like us able to acclimate."
John Dungeon Master — 06/01/2023 9:21 PM
They explain that there are potions of water breathing
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/01/2023 9:23 PM
“D’you go to the nearest neighborin’ planes very often?” Kaz chimes in. “What are they like?”
John Dungeon Master — 06/01/2023 9:24 PM
The other elemental planes? No, they are dry, inhospitable places
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/01/2023 9:27 PM
She nods, unsurprised. Turning to Nevaeh, she says “oh I’d love to go shopping! I’m sure there’s all sorts of things we can’t get back home”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/01/2023 9:42 PM
Dejected that she can't just learn how to breath underwater, but happy at the prospect of shopping with Kaz, "Yes! I can only imagine. We've seen so many different types of folks in Sigil too, but here I think it'll be very different. Some more notes for your journal!" 
"So how was your time in Sigil, Prince? Hopefully they were able to accommodate and keep you comfortable?" (Actually, when Nev danced with him, was he like...super dry, or clammy, or wet or....lol)
John Dungeon Master — 06/01/2023 10:44 PM
(Tritons are perfectly fine breathing air or water and they have no problem being on land. They are neither dried out or damp while on land. They don’t mind the material plane and outer planes that mimic it like the Outlands, but the other elemental planes are completely devoid of water) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/01/2023 10:45 PM
(they'd probably like Houston)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/01/2023 10:54 PM
“And hopefully you and your delegation weren’t harmed in the chaos at the ball?” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/01/2023 11:00 PM
(Ooo yeah, curious as to his thoughts about what happened)
John Dungeon Master — 06/02/2023 8:26 PM
“We were all ok. We didn’t have any weapons so we stayed in the manor until it was safe to return to our portal. I’ve never seen such a catastrophe.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/02/2023 9:20 PM
“It was truly awful. Nobody could have seen that coming.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/03/2023 4:20 PM
Kaz nods, relieved. “Neither have we. And between that and Lady Renalia’s death, we never got to finish our conference discussions with you.”
She turns briefly to look at him, gauging his reaction in the hope that he’s willing to continue the conversation now.
John Dungeon Master — 06/03/2023 7:02 PM
(I'm not certain what Kaz means here)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/03/2023 7:03 PM
(She’s referring to the corrupted celestial discussions Lady Renalia planned to have with select delegations)
John Dungeon Master — 06/03/2023 7:04 PM
(he wasn't fully aware of that plan)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/03/2023 7:05 PM
(No, but she’d mentioned to him that they’d be having further discussions after the ball, yeah? Kaz is gauging his interest in having those discussions now)
John Dungeon Master — 06/03/2023 7:12 PM
He says that he would be happy to discuss anything with you, but that he needs to prepare for the attack the next day, so he would like to continue any discussions at a later date
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/03/2023 7:13 PM
(we don't know who those delegates are that she trusted with that info, right?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/03/2023 7:13 PM
She nods, pleased that he’s still interested. “Good luck to you, then, and may the gods favor you and your warriors in this battle”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/03/2023 7:14 PM
(We were about to trust him, the githzerai, and the Harpers delegation at least. None of them had celestials. There were a few unnamed others as well)
(Afaik Lady Renalia hadn’t told anyone yet)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/03/2023 7:17 PM
(we'll have to dig into that with her surviving cohorts)
