    • nothing on the prisoner was magical (including the weird pebble). It’s odd because Kaz saw that each had at least one magical thing on them, but his is gone. Perhaps it was a consumable
        ◦ “He was carrying 43 silver coins in a small leather pouch, a white pebble about 1” in diameter, a small knife, a tin flask, and a small metal charm with a sun burst motif that looks like a religious symbol of one of the sun gods”
        ◦ Nevaeh looks over the religious symbol. It’s not one from Faerun, but it’s one she’s seen commonly around Sigil. Lana remembers that one of Lady Renalia’s friends is a priest of this power, Pelor, who is lawful good.
    • We head to speak with Trasmen Duvore, the deputy commander of Lady Renalia’s guards, who’s in the guard tower where we once interrogated Twilight. Daveth is now awake and surrounded by other guards. They don’t need any help with the interrogation, so Kaz passes along Daveth’s stuff and reclaims the Dimensional Shackles.
        ◦ Tarkinson, a Sons of Mercy investigator also present in the room, looks at the white pebble and recongizes it as the key to a portal to Arcadia
    • as we’re leaving, Jevrin comes up to us and congratulates us on being amazing. Lady Renalia plans to lie low for a while and won’t be needing our services for some time. Still, she’s very grateful and would like to reward us. We settle on cold hard cash as our reward.
    • Kaz, Nevaeh, and Lana head to the bathhouse for the evening to relax and listen to gossip. There’s not many customers so late in the evening. We do hear some talk about Lolth’s defeat, since that’s been the talk of the town for a while. Most people are worried about what the tenar’ri (demons) are going to do next. Lana overhears a few attendants talking in hushed voices about how agitated the Hive has become, and how rabble-rousers are whipping up crowds into frenzies.
    • Kaz chooses not to cast Contact Other Plane, since she’s still a bit fried from all her other castings. Nev casts Commune.
        ◦ Are Raif and Asara going to be physically safe during their honeymoon?: yes
        ◦ Can we trust Nal and Cresta?: They are trustworthy
        ◦ Is the Sensation Guild carrying out faction business in Sigil?: Not everything related to them is accessible to divination, but of what Nev can sense, there is none. Kaz is very relieved.
    • Lady Renalia’s reward comes the next morning. It’s an enormous diamond worth 5000gp, carried in a locked chest. We deposit it in our bank account, then head to the Great Library for research. Lana looks into yeast and dinosaurs
        ◦ Pacts with devils are very perilous and usually involve selling your soul. They aren’t breakable by any means that anyone knows. According to old legends, fiends are subject to control by calling their true names (which aren’t normally known to anyone but themselves).
        ◦ Tales of Asmodeus are told on nearly every Prime world, which makes him very strong. Not much is known for sure, and there are many conflicting stories (which is probably how he wants it, so he can remain unknowable). It’s said that he’s one of the most powerful entities in the known universe, and has total power over the other arch-devils who rule over the other 8 layers of the 9 Hells. He lives on Nessus, the 9th (and lowest) layer. Other demon lords have fought Asmodeus directly, as well as other gods who Kaz isn’t familiar with, but she can’t find many details. (if any of these past conflicts become relevant, Kaz will remember)
        ◦ Lana looks up recipes for planar delicacies made with fermentation. He also learns that there are giant (celestial) lizards in the Beastlands, but if he’s set on finding giant beasts, Faerun might be a better shot.
        ◦ Odo reads up about werebears and learns that they’re generally good-hearted and use their strength to fight evil creatures. He also learns that the Harmonium conquered a Prime world called Ortho and established peace across the world, then became a faction in Sigil.





Text RP
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/04/2023 11:42 PM
(After the visit to the library, Nev wants to reach out to Khim through sending.)
John Dungeon Master — 01/04/2023 11:42 PM
(Ok)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/04/2023 11:58 PM
(I want to ask her about the whispers she heard and if there's been any further weirdness since I spoke with the treasury person whose name I don't know because I don't have my notepad, or a good memory.)
John Dungeon Master — 01/04/2023 11:59 PM
(Ok, yeah I wanted to clarify that cause I’m sure Nev would remember, since she lives full time in the game world)
(The treasurer was Sora)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:01 AM
(Alicia has ADHD and remembers very little, so yes, whatever it is Nev would know)
John Dungeon Master — 01/05/2023 12:02 AM
(There’ve been like 400 named NPCs so far, I have a hard time myself sometimes)
So she says: “Hi Nev! I haven’t heard anything else. Hope you’re doing well! I’ve been trying to learn to send my thoughts like you do” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:10 AM
“Okay, I'm glad you're doing well. I'm looking forward to getting a message at 3am. No really, I'm looking forward to it!”
John Dungeon Master — 01/05/2023 12:14 AM
She says “ok I’ll try hard! Stay safe out there Nev!”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:19 AM
Nev sighs contentedly. “Well that's good.” She says to no one in particular “Kaz, do you think I should reach out to the Captain? He didn't say anything before he left last night...but...it was pretty chaotic. And I did get a bit distracted. And it was late. And he's probably got other things to do.” She ponders. “I wonder why he was late to the wedding.... hmm...”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:23 AM
Kaz taps her chin with the spine of her journal. “Why not? If you want ta hear from someone, you should reach out ta them”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:26 AM
She pauses her many trains of thought “Oh, yeah. That makes sense.” She puts her arm over Kaz's shoulder. “This is why you're the best, Kaz. Keeping us all in reality.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:27 AM
Kaz laughs, slinging her own arm around Nevaeh. “Bit ironic, seeing as I’m the one who’s mind keeps gettin’ pulled out of reality”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:28 AM
“Eyyyy, true, true.”
“We're a weird bunch, aren't we?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:31 AM
“We are. But in a good way, I think” She glances sideways at Nevaeh. “You know… I’ve been thinkin’. You an’ Odo both showed me around your home. It seems only fittin’ that I return the favor, when we’ve got a bit of time to spare”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:32 AM
“Oh my goddess, yes! I'd love that!” Nev starts getting overly excited.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:35 AM
Kaz bounces a little, glad to see Nevaeh so excited and getting caught up in it herself. “Aye! I can show ye all around my old haunts”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:39 AM
“Do you still have a lot of friends there? I want to meet everyone! And hear all the embarrassing stories.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:44 AM
She blushes. “Well, I’m sure Lorelei and Rhyleigh will have plenty to share, if they’re around. Or my da. Or my neighbors. Our little hamlet was fairly close-knit”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:45 AM
(This is my "kaz's home" music https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJLaTSjnd9Q)
YouTube
Deep Ambience
Witch's Village - Fantasy Music & Ambience 🧙🏽‍♀️🔮🥀
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:46 AM
“Awesome. Well, I'm looking forward to it. We could all use the break, I think. So much sad and bad, lets go find some happy.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:48 AM
“Absolutely. Nothing like a vacation, or a visit home, to clear one’s head”
“Speaking of home, it sounds like Khim is doin’ well?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:50 AM
“Yeah, she seemed good. Still training, no weird vibes haha”
“I'm gonna reach out to the Captain. You'll be my morale support.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:54 AM
Kaz nods seriously. “Whenever you’re ready, then”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:55 AM
"Hi Captain, I just wanted to see how you were doing today. I didn't get a chance to say goodbye last night, but I know-" The spell cuts off. “Gah..shoot, I need to get better at this.”
"Sorry - I know it was kind of crazy so I understand if you had to leave. Anyways, just...saying hi. Cuz I wanted to talk to" The spell cuts off again. “Oh my gosh, Kaz please kill me now. Where I stand.”
She buries her face in her hands.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:58 AM
Kaz pats Nevaeh consolingly. “It’s tricky. Took me a while to figure out the word limit too”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 12:58 AM
(ah it makes me laugh every time)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/05/2023 12:58 AM
(XD)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/05/2023 9:16 PM
( I'll read RP latterr gotttta head to record store to get two dollhair used Blu Ray of Child's Play )
John Dungeon Master — 01/05/2023 9:35 PM
He says “oh (!) (He seems to have been right in the middle of something and then there’s a pause and you hear him say “give me one moment” which might have been directed to someone else, and then he says, “ah miss Moonstar, forgive me I did want to see you after the incident. I looked for you but I” (the next reply kicks in) “couldn’t find you. I called at your door but your cook said you weren’t back. I had pressing business unfortunately. I hope all is well”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/05/2023 11:51 PM
Nev gasps “Eudora, that minx.”
(Here's a question about nobility shit that I don't know about. Does the 'help' wait to sleep until the household is asleep, or do they keep normal like....working hours? I mean, I'm sure any of us wouldn't expect them to stay up waiting for us into late in the evening or anything, but I don't know what's technically the protocol there.)
(also, does a fantasy Ring system exist where maybe they don't have to answer the door without knowing who's on the other side of it first? cuz I feel like we make enough enemies that that might be prudent to invest in.)
John Dungeon Master — 01/05/2023 11:57 PM
(It depends, but in this case they are presumably both off at some point in the evening. They would usually go to you, as they basically assume you are in charge, and say “will that be all ma’am?” And then you can confirm that they can be done working for the evening. )
Lana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 1:08 PM
[maybe a special dedicated scrying bauble that attunes to one and only one location, but lets the viewer move around an invisible and imperceptible sensor, like an eye ball-type thing? we could prepare the equivalent spell and cast it whenever we want, i suppose, but that's inconvenient]
[also we only want it to trigger when someone atypical comes around, not our help]
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:09 PM
(Or use a peep hole)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:10 PM
(Peep holes definitely exist)
(A magic scrying door camera probably exists too, somewhere in the multiverse, but there are no mass market products like that) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/06/2023 12:29 AM
At Kaz "He sounded busy, but at least he was nice about my ridiculous interruption....also, he said he came by last night to say goodbye but we were still out." grinning "So that's sweet....anyways, all that reading made me hungry, food?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/06/2023 9:53 AM
Kaz grins back. “He came by? That’s sweet of him. Maybe that bouquet is already starting to work”
She skips ahead a little. “Aye, let’s get somethin’ to eat. How about we go say hello to Luca and her band?” 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:30 PM
"YELLOW MULE TAVERNNNN!!!! WE GOTTA SEENND OUT AN INVITE OUT TO WARRRENNN AND OL CAPTIAN CLOUDSILVERY… MOON captain." 
( Odo is very excited about the prospect of Yellow Mule Tavern ) 
"Oooo and ayyyy perhaps we get something from Yellow Mule Tavern if we gonna visit ollle’ Erra'deereee before if we doing the whole High Forest neighborhood and suuuchhh. That done do sound mighty fun - ‘mean it was nice to see Angela and Watermelon- errrr, or, uh, Silvery Moon! - but the High Forest do sound mighty nice"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/06/2023 12:46 PM
“Yellow Mule it is!”
(I don't recall where Lana and Odo are ATM)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/06/2023 1:25 PM
(Presumably with us, since they came to the library with us)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/06/2023 1:56 PM
(Is there anything interesting going on at the Tavern? Or anybody looking shady 🤔)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:47 AM
Ok so you walk to the Yellow Mule which is a mid sized ale house in the Market Ward close to the Great Bazaar. Sure enough you hear Luca and the Merry Minstrels playing inside. It’s dimly lit by lamps hanging from the beams and candle no doubts.  The clientele sit around high wooden tables and high chairs
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:24 AM
“Oh dang, we haven't talked to them in a hot minute.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:26 AM
Kaz waves to the Merry Minstrels as the party enters. She finds a table near the stage to order food and wait for a break between songs.
She leans over to Nevaeh. “It’s nice to hear them soundin’ so much cheerier”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:31 AM
Luca sees you and smiles and waves while singing. As she finishes her song, the audience applauds. She and the others hop off the stage and come over to say hi to you. They all seem very happy to see you.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:34 AM
Kaz is happy to see them as well, and applauds with the rest of the crowd. “I’m glad to see you’ve all settled in here. That was a nice set you played.”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:40 AM
“It’s the best gig we’ve had” says Luca. Ulf the tiefling lute player says “’Leastways it’s a lot better gig than Alrathi’s…” To this, Anterio slaps him on the back and smirks and Yarae giggles and then groans and covers her face with her paw.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:41 AM
“A lot cooler, too” Kaz says with a wink and a proud grin in Odo’s direction 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:44 AM
"So it's working out well for you? You all look so much...brighter!"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:45 AM
Anterio says, “Freedom’ll do that”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:56 AM
“So how's it been? How're things here? In the tavern.” She pokes the table
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:04 AM
Luca says, “Oh it’s nice, the pay is good and we’ve got rooms upstairs. A bit small but no complaints! The audience is always appreciative and when we’re not on stage we hear all the latest news and gossip. Oh but that reminds me we should go back to playing! Your drinks are on us!” And they all wave and jump back on stage.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:05 AM
Kaz grins and nods appreciatively. “Well, thank ye kindly for that!”
Intrigued at the mention of gossip, Kaz listens to the crowd for any interesting tidbits as the Merry Minstrels pick up their instruments again.
(Can I make a perception check for that?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:07 AM
Yep
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:07 AM
(NAT 20. 26 total) 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:08 AM
So you are feeling very perceptive and you hear over the music and the people laughing loudly as the next table over and you do hear some people who might be shop keepers talking about how business has been booming lately but crime is getting worse especially in the Lower Ward and Clerks Ward.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:29 AM
“The Sons o’ Mercy are a bunch o’ leatherheads if you ask me. The cross trade is the only business what’s moving more merchandise than cold steel right now, eh Bill? It’s the old chaosmen I ween. When’ll somebody scrag those berks what call ‘emselves the leaders or put ‘em in the dead book?” A second one says “And what’s wiv all the ‘loths goin’ about hither and thither in groups and preaching strange things to crowds? You reckon they’ve got something to do with all the cross traders?” A third says “Best not to pry into their doings. No good’ll come of it. Just keep your doors bolted in the dark and hide your treasure. The cage’s seen worse times before.” Then they go back to taking about lighter topics 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:32 AM
Kaz purses her lips, by now able to parse most of the slang. “Sounds like the yugoloths are among the preachers incitin’ violence in the Lower Ward” she murmurs to her table
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:39 AM
(I bet that was fun to type out, John)
"mmmm...don't like that."
(What's cross-trade referring to, exactly)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:41 AM
(It’s Sigil cant, maybe Kaz knows)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:43 AM
(oooo)
"What else did you hear? I can't understand, there's too many people talking."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:24 PM
(that I don’t know, but Kaz has lived in Sigil long enough that she might?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:25 PM
(Make a charisma check to see how much cant you’ve picked up)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:26 PM
(13)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:27 PM
(Ok you are pretty sure this means criminal activity, racketeering, theft, etc)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:27 PM
(Cool, that was one of my guesses!)
She shrugs. “The black market is boomin’, apparently. Somethin’ to do with the ‘chaosmen.’ Might be another name for the Doom Guard”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:31 PM
“Oh, hm, okay.”
“Guess we'll just have to keep an eye out.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:34 PM
Kaz keeps her voice low “Aye. I don’t like all this action. Makes me think there’s some truth to all the rumors of demons and devils teamin’ up and eyein’ the rest of the cosmos. But I don’t know what to do about it, save stickin’ with Ganth.” She sighs.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:34 PM
“Think we should check in with him? He'd probably have reached out if he had any new info.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:35 PM
She shakes her head. “We need to find your da. Obviously, because he’s your da and we said we would help him, but maybe he could help us too. Him an’ Fredryk.”
“We also need to make a plan for what to do about that crystal ball that Zeferio showed us” she winks.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:39 PM
Nev lets out a weighted breath “Yeah...where to start though?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:41 PM
“Well… your vision showed that we’d meet someone who knows Fredryk soon, so that should be our first priority. As for the other thing, coming up with a way to destroy it without killing ourselves. Maybe we could use the hut, though I don’t know how we would test that beforehand.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:42 PM
(lol)
“I'd have to stay inside the hut so...that's problematic potentially”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:44 PM
Kaz grimaces. “I pictured all of us in the hut, actually, since it keeps those outside from casting spells inside. I don’t know that it could withstand THAT kind of power, though, and Zeferio didn’t know either.” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:44 PM
(spells and other magical effects can't pass through the dome, inside or outside - assuming whatever happened was magical in nature....that could be a thing) 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:45 PM
(Yeah, that was the idea, but a magical explosion powerful enough to level a mountain is… a lot)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:46 PM
(I mean....there's no limits on the power it can hold according to the spell description? hmmmm)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:46 PM
(Kaz is just repeating what John said at the time. It COULD work)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:47 PM
(i just like the idea of a mini nuke going off inside the hut lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:47 PM
(I love it so much, but consider: wiping out Asger and every fiend in the vicinity with the explosion)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:48 PM
(i mean....that is quite a nice option too)
“You know...if we could find somewhere to do it where we can teleport...I can set up a Word of Recall and teleport all of us in an instant too.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:51 PM
She nods slowly. “That could work… although I doubt it’s being held anywhere so… pleasant, shall we say”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:52 PM
“Yeah, that's a big if.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:52 PM
Kaz chews her lip. “Finding where it is will be tricky too, but Contact Other Plane might give me something eventually.” She sighs, rubbing her forehead. “Casting it so often is exhausting though, and I can feel the contact with Exilicor stretching my mind in the strangest way”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:54 PM
“I can't imagine it's anything like my communing with Selune. Those aren't dangerous at all.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:55 PM
She shakes her head. “I don’t think this is dangerous, exactly, aside from the obvious risk of going insane. I can… I don’t really know how to describe it, but it’s like I can see how spells affect the Weave? Just a little bit, but I think I can tweak how they function in ways I didn’t think were possible”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:56 PM
Her jaw drops a little. "Whoa, that's pretty intense. And powerful!"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:58 PM
Kaz blushes. “Well, let’s hold our horses. I don’t know if I can actually do it, or if it’s just a lingering symptom of all the madness. But… thank you”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:59 PM
“I mean, we'll always be there to back you up if anything were to happen, or if you wanted to try. I believe in you!” She gives Kaz a big grin.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:00 PM
She grins back. “Thanks Nev”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:01 PM
(Are @Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper and @Odo Falcanspur (Mike)  with you guys?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:01 PM
(We've been dragging them along since they're not in here atm and were with us at the library lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:03 PM
(I assume they’ve been talking about the wonders of brewing beer this whole time 😂)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 1:39 PM
[smutlana casts Enhance Ability, Eagle's Splendor on Odo]
“Alright Odo, let's go see if we can't fetch us some of that beer-smut... I've got plans for getting more than just drunk with this brew...” Smutlana's pupils are twinkling and dilated with mischievous glee.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 2:52 PM
Kaz turns to Smutlana, relieved that the subject is now firmly away from fiend wars. “Oh? What plans are those?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 4:16 PM
“Well, you know how Odo loves drinking shit and getting all spun up… I’ve been thinking of a recipe called ‘Go-Go Juice’.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 4:46 PM
“What's it going to do to him?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 4:46 PM
She raises an eyebrow. “Go-Go Juice?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 4:47 PM
“Yeah, like Haste Potion.”
“Go give it a try, Odo. Let’s go up to the bar and like, I dunno, figure it out.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 5:05 PM
“What's in ‘go go juice’?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 5:11 PM
“A little bit of yeast and a lot of ✨magic✨”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:34 PM
Odo nods and glugs down a beverage faster than a grasshopper jumping off a ledge 🦗 
He wipes his scruff and gets up, nodding more towards Lana.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:37 PM
( 25 for persuasion with advantage [ nat 20 ] @Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper  heheh 😂  -)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:38 PM
Ok so the bar keep says, “Why cer’ainly” and goes to fetch some yeast from the brewery next door.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:40 PM
Odo scratches Lana's feathers under her beak a little and nods with a raised eyebrow and eyebrow movements like a dog.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 10:57 AM
“How much yeast are we escorting home?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:45 AM
Smutlana is enjoying the chin scritches like a little neko chan, clearly preoccupied with considering the smorgasbord of magical brews that could be concocted
John Dungeon Master — Today at 11:50 AM
The bar keep comes back with a little bottle of a small amount of liquid. He explains that this is a mixture of flour and water with a few drops of the mother culture.
He’s happy to give it to you for 3 silver
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 2:25 PM
Smutlana snaps out of the smizing trance and casually doles out the silver “Always a pleasure, sir.”
Turning away, the smizing returns and Smutlana tilts his head to the door for Odo to follow, gently and rhythmically tapping the bottle with his talon tips, murmuring to himself
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 2:28 PM
Odo, wide-eyed, follows excitedly
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 2:28 PM
“O brave new world, that has such creatures in ‘t!”
