    • the palacial mushroom rises up like a sheer cliff face before us
    • Eresh instructs us to place our hands on the side of the mushroom in order to be sucked in (as we were when we first entered Mycelia)
        ◦ Kaz and Nevaeh hold hands, because Kaz is claustrophobic from the githzerai box incident and Nevaeh hates touching gross things
    • we’re almost vomited up into a tall, cylindrical space. above us is an odd thing dangling from the apex of the domed ceiling. The air we breathe seems to tingle and sparkle with spores. A voice speaks from nowhere. “You have done well to come here.”
        ◦ Zug: “Well, it wasn’t easy. We got attacked by a rakshasa on the way”
        ◦ voice: “who are you?” (to Zuggtboy)
        ◦ Zug: introduces himself as “Zuggtboy Smutwhisper”
        ◦ voice: “And is that your true name?”
    • Suddenly, Zug feels a memory coming back to him. He closes his eyes really tightly, digs deeply for it, and remembers that his true name is “Smutlana”
    • Psilofyr says “Welcome, my true acolyte. I have brought you here because you and the four of you are intertwined in a destiny I cannot see. A great havoc is germinating worlds away. It may choke the futures of all beings. I see the four of you, with intertwined fates, a chance to stop the mayhem, but I know not how. You must gain strength, on your own. I cannot give it to you. BUT I can give you some room to grow.” A shower of sparkling spores jets out into the space and we breathe them in. We feel them take hold, and Psilofyr says “this will make it harder for your enemies to see you from afar” 
        ◦ we’re immune to scrying
        ◦ Psilofyr continues “For you, my spore user, I will enhance your symbiont”
    • We learn that the demon mushroom that Lana ate was a tanar’ri (demon) from Shadakla
    • Lana is able to speak because something happened in his mind, and Psilofyr found him BECAUSE of his difference. Psilofyr tells him he must find out what makes him different
    • Odo thanks Psilofyr for the gift, and asks if they can give us more insight about what our shared destiny might look like. Psilofyr replies “I saw that you have already defied both the tanar’ri and baatezu. War, something about war. I cannot see” The dangling thing drops down on a tendril, and an eye extends on another tendril. All around us are the remains of other severed eye tendrils.
    • Nev asks if Psilofyr is hurt, seeing the severed tendrils “I lost something long ago to an enemy. I smell something. My body from somewhere else. Where is it?” Lana pulls out the old sample of Aramacos (the mass fungus that got killed by the Netherese). Psilofyr remembers that “a bad thing happened there” and our consiousnesses are drawn into a memory as the sample spores spin through the air.
        ◦ Aramacos was a manifestation of Psilofyr
    • We find ourselves standing in the Uvorin lab, in a hallway near the park space, 3000 years ago during its active time. There are a male and female mage walking toward us and talking. Kaz can tell by her star pendant that it’s Erfessa. The man isn’t wearing a pendant, but we immediately hear his name: Yuthovi (who just so happened to not be wearing his pendant that day)
        ◦ Erfessa says “I have to go monitor the Endopotentiation, he’s going to start.  Did you talk to him?”
        ◦ “He didnt want to hear it…” Yuthovi responds with a shrug. 
        ◦ She says: “I don’t think this is safe. If I’m right, and Exilicor ends up coming through… did you mention Hadar the hungerer? … that Exilicor might end up like that?” 
        ◦ Yuthovi: “I started to, but he got that look on his face and said it was only a hypothesis that the dark stars come from the External domain… and then he said I should focus on astronomy…” 
        ◦ Erfessa: “oh well …maybe we should talk to Zeferio?”
        ◦ As Erfessa and Yuthovi talk, they go down a stairway into the long hallway with the gate, continue walking past the planar expedition prep room through the blast door, and we see into the endopotentiation chamber.
    • Erfessa continues into the observation chamber, saying “Alright Yuthovi, see you when this is over.” Yuthovi says “I’ll just wait close”
    • In the endopotentiation chamber is the intact podium, with a figure (Drosys, with his rod) standing in front of it. He turns away, and we can see a silver hand mirror affixed to the clamp (it’s Kaz’s mirror!). Above us, the disk hangs from the ceiling, pointing down at the mirror as if to reflect light from it down the shaft. Drosys yells out to make sure everything is in place and ready, then walks away.
    • At the bottom of the shaft we see what looks like a giant crystal ball (mythallar), surrounded by 3 wizards (Nersiul, Zeferio, Voekt)
    • Kaz sees Drosys yawn and say “alright, let’s get this over with. Places!” He reaches into his robe and produces a small golden hammer, and shatters the mirror’s glass. Crackling energy shoots out of it, reflects down the tunnel, and hits the mythallar. It seems to suck in the energy.
        ◦ Erfessa looks at the beam from the Observation room and looks anxious
    • Suddenly, a purple-black lighting bolt streaks from the mirror. Erfessa looks panicked, rushing to the wall of force window and begging Drosys to disconnect the mirror. SOMETHING comes out, covered in milky white tentacles, and thrashing around. Drosys rips the mirror off the stand, throws it down the shaft to Nersiul, Zeferio, and Voekt, yells at everyone else to seal off the endopotentiation chamber, and starts duelling the thing coming through the portal. Erfessa closes the lower blast doors as Drosys falls, dead. The creature moves down toward the now sealed lower doors, trying to get to the mythallar, and Erfessa closes the upper blast doors on it, trapping it in the tunnel. 
        ◦ The extradimensional creature remained in those tunnels until we accidentally released it thousands of years later, then fought it.
    • Zeferio (the tall & authoritative one of the 3 wizards below) gets the other two to bring the mythallar and the “conduit” (mirror) into the portal nexus chamber. Thin white tendrils are starting to breach the blast doors. Yuthovi is banging on the closed blast doors, screaming for Erfessa.
    • Once inside the portal nexus chamber, Nersiul, Zeferio and Voekt have a heated argument over what to do next (Zeferio is mostly quiet though)
        ◦ “If that thing touches the mythallar, the mountain goes, you understand that?”
        ◦ Zeferio points to the massive unfinished archway. “We’ll create a portal, there.” The others panic because it’s UNFINISHED and likely to collapse, but have no better ideas. 
    • The three use the mythallar to project a portal onto the unfinished arch, and Nersiul and Voekt turn to each other. “Where is it gonna go?” asks Voekt. “It doesn’t matter” replies Nersiul, and both jump through. Zeferio follows them, pulling the mythallar through as well, and the portal collapses.
    • We’re returned to the present. Psilofyr says “This was a tragedy. After it happened, my body grew into the caverns around the facility and sealed it off for thousands of years. If it weren’t for the enemy attacking me recently, it would’ve stayed that way”
        ◦ We know that Zuggtmoi attacked and destroyed Aramacos, but we learn that another of her enemies, Juiblex, intervened and disrupted her plans/influence in the area.
            ▪ The demon mushroom that Lana swallowed served Juiblex
    • Kaz thanks Psilofyr for all his help and asks where her dad is. A tendril comes off the wall and “sniffs” Kaz. Psilofyr says “Yes, I see, and I remember” and we dissolve into another memory. We’re back in the Underdark outside Terzio’s lair, as we remember it. We see Kaz’s dad, an elven man wearing a travelling pack and a lute case, walking by the lair beside a myconid. He says ‘Up there then?” and the myconid nods. Erudir says “Thank you” and continues down the corridor. He reaches Drosys’ office, continuing forward until we all hear the same familiar nasally voice. Asger Mordelon turns to look as Erudir enters the room. Beside him is a hooded figure, face obscured, with pale dainty fingers in a purple-trimmed black robe. Nevaeh recognizes the robes: the woman is a follower of Shar, goddess of darkness and loss.
        ◦ Asger: “Who the fuck are you?” 
        ◦ Erudir: “I’m Erudir Talfen. I’m lookin for me daughter. Who are you?”
        ◦ Asger, voice flat with skepticism: “You’re looking for your daughter. Here. In a cave. Really? Who’s your daughter?”
        ◦ “Kaz Talfen” Erudir starts to look nervous “Are you running a cult?”
        ◦ Asger: (ignores Erudir’s question) “What does she look like?” Erudir gives him Kaz’s description (“she’s got me eyes”), and Asger starts to recognize her.
        ◦ Asger: “Is your daughter a treasure hunter?”
        ◦ Erudir: “No, she’s a student.” 
        ◦ Asger: “What exactly does she study?” 
        ◦ Erudir: “I’m not quite sure exactly. Something to do with arcane this or that.” He thinks for a moment. “I think she studies something with other realms or portals or something.”
        ◦ Asger, suddenly interested: “Portals you say.. Xerfilioc!” A creature comes out, wearing black & red mages’ robes
        ◦ Asger: “Do you have that scroll?” 
        ◦ Xerfilioc, obsequiously: “Yes yes Mr. Mordelin sir! Here you go.” 
        ◦ Erudir: 
    • Asger pulls out the scroll from its case, takes a little jade cage sculpture from his pocket, and begins casting the spell. “Um, what are ye doin?” Erudir asks, but Asger ignores him. Asger finishes his spell, Erudir is sucked into the cage, and is gone. Asger turns to the hooded lady. “Well there you go Excrecera, that’s how it’s done. Shall we?” She nods, and the two walk away.
        ◦ Odo takes a minute of the memory to study Asger, learning that he is higher level overall and has higher CON than Odo himself. He’s also carrying a metal rod staff, which could be a weapon.
        ◦ Throughout all this, Kaz falls to the ground and starts sobbing silently, but can’t tear her eyes away.
    • We’re returned to the present. Nev, also crying a bit, asks about her dad. A tendril comes out of the wall and sniffs her, and we briefly dissolve into memory, only to come back immediately. Psilofyr has no sight of him.
    • Nev and Lana ask if there’s anything the party can do to help repair Psilofyr’s severed stalks. He says “Perhaps one day you will help me but not today. You must grow strong”
    • We’re teleported out of the throne room, back onto the gear’s surface in front of a metal archway. Lana is holding a metal cube. After he and Odo try to figure out what it is, Kaz tiredly takes it and presses it to the arch, opening a portal back to the Market Ward of Sigil
    • Odo and Lana promise Kaz revenge against Asger, for Lyesgiel and for her dad. Kaz says she doesn’t want revenge, she just wants her dad back.
    • Kaz goes to the library to try to find out more about whatever spell Asger used to trap her dad, but can’t find much beyond that there are spells that people can use to trap other people
    • Nevaeh and Lana go to pray at the temple to Selune, trying to process their own feelings. Nev is, for the first time, NOT super excited to be in the temple, and decides to keep her prayers private for the time being (worrying the priestess)
    • Odo goes to see Martin Remsby (the other Faerunian we met by chance on the street a few weeks back), but finds that no one by that name has stayed in the tavern Remsby said he was staying at for several weeks.
    • Jevrin Zatwick: human assistant secretary to Vanessia, has been assigned to help us. He says our house is ready for us.
        ◦ just moved to Sigil from Excelsior, in the Outlands
    • He leads us to Lark Lane, in an area nicknamed “Little Faerun” near the temple to Selune. It’s 3 stories, with a bay window and town houses flush on either side, and a yard/alleyway behind us. There’s some furniture (beds and front table), but we’ve been left plenty of room to buy our own. The house has a balcony on the second floor, a grand entryway and a large fireplace in the sitting area.
        ◦ Nev takes Bedroom 1, Kaz takes Bedroom 2, Lana takes Bedroom 4, and Odo is given Bedroom 3 (but chooses to shove his mattress into a closet on the first floor under the stairs and sleep there)
        ◦ cellar has wine racks
    • We gather to discuss hiring servants (Odo & Nev’s idea, as nobles), the vision of Kaz’s dad, and what to do next
        ◦ Jevrin agrees to ask around Lady Renalia’s home staff for where to hire staff/recommendations for staff before he leaves
        ◦ Kaz asks Nevaeh about Shar. Nev relates that Lord Edanerak (one of the Moonstars) defected from the family and set up a cult to Shar in the dungeons below Waterdeep long ago. Shar is a goddess of darkness and loss, and appeals to people by claiming that she can remove the pain of loss (but really just makes them focus on their loss). She hates everything about Selune and they have an ongoing war. Shar managed to imprison & impersonate Selune during the Time of Troubles, until Selune (in Avatar form) managed to break out and kill Shar’s avatar
        ◦ Kaz keeps coming back to the mirror: how the Uvorin Decemvirate seemed so desperate to preserve it even though it was broken (as if it were the only one of its kind), how the mirror reached her in the first place (she bought the mirror at Rizvald’s Street Rarities and Relics, but where did they get it? How did the Netherese get it?), and what happened to it after she broke it. She suggests going to Waterdeep, despite her reluctance to confess what happened to her to her former friends and colleagues
    • Jevrin brings us a note from Xosco’s auction house saying the Tome of Clear Thought has been sold, and we’re free to pick up the proceeds (1,075 gp). We pick up groceries on our way to the auction house
        ◦ Nev is vegetarian, and Kaz ate mostly vegetarian when living in the High Forest and it carried over to her adult cooking, so they buy mostly veggies and fresh fruit
        ◦ Odo buys buckets full of “abyssal chicken” meat (the cheapest of meat options, since all meat has to be imported into Sigil). He spitroasts a few carcasses, then fills the Alchemy Jug with salt and meat strips to make jerky.
        ◦ Lana buys planters to put in the basement to grow mushrooms, including dreamstools (hallucinogenic), bluecaps (used to make spore flour), and some of Nev’s mushrooms with healing properties
    • We spend the night in our new house, get woken up by the executioner’s ravens, then head to Rizvald’s Street Rarities and Relics in the morning. Rizvald said he got the mirror from the Exterra Trading Company out of Yeoman (a city in the plane of Bytopia, an upper paradise plane where many gnomes go when they die to). He agrees to look into the mirror’s provenance and contact her if he finds anything.
    • Davor Tinkerreach based her studio in a house which contained the portal on the second floor. It’s warded in some way, but she never explained how. The key is a raven feather.
        ◦ Kaz does Sending to ask permission to use the portal. Tinkerreach’s response is a jaw-dropping “WHAT??” Kaz decides to go anyway and just ask for forgiveness.
    • We grab a stray feather from an Executioner’s Raven and go to the portal, which is in the doorway of a tavern called the Iron Bell. We emerge into a 15x20ft room. The portal itself is a closet door, the window is bricked over, and across the room is a metal door.
    • Lana goes to knock on the door and a glyph appears, terrifying all four of the Far Flung Fellowship members and causing them to run as far from the metal door as possible. Two elemental creatures appear across the room, one made of fire and one made of wind.
        ◦ Lana polymorphs the fire elemental into a tree sloth (hereafter all sloths are named “Rosemary”)
    • 5 minutes after we take down the elementals, Tinkerreach comes back and lets us out of the room. She’s entirely shocked to see us barely scratched by the encounter and dismayed that we’ve destroyed her security, but mostly just overwhelmed by the fact that the whole party is there.
    • We give her the sparknotes version of our adventures (Kaz is very excited to show Tinkerreach the Limbo globe).
    • Tinkerreach investigated the mirror. Mirror is NOT imbued with Contact Other Plane (“false advertising”), Legend/Lore didn’t reveal anything about it even though its clearly got a lengthy history.
        ◦ she confirms that the mirror glass repaired itself several days after Kaz accidentally broke it
        ◦ Kaz tells her that the Netherese used the mirror to power mythallar
    • Across the room, a glass beaker suddenly shatters. Everyone whips around, not sure who’s there. Kaz flings the water in her flask out across the room and JUST catches where it hits something invisible near the ground. Nev casts See Invisibility on herself and sees a two-foot tall demonic creature scampering away. Odo throws his ice harpoon into the door to block it from leaving, and the icy trail liquifies it.
    • Kaz asks if anything else strange has happened to Tinkerreach that might indicate demons have been following her (or to rule it out, in case they’ve been following the party). Tinkerreach says that a couple of months ago, someone came by asking about Kaz (if Tinkerreach knew her, what Kaz studied, what Kaz’s role was in the study group). He was bald, human, 40s, about average height, not very memorable, and wearing plain clothes
        ◦ Nev recalls that a couple months ago was when Asger captured Erudir, and the bald guy might have been asking after her on his behalf. Kaz immediately recalls that Asger Mordren has a weird fascination with portals, and seemed VERY interested when Erudir mentioned that she studied them (WAIT IS THIS MOTHERFUCKER A DRAGON IN HUMAN FORM??? IS HE REZZORADRATH???) Nah he’s too good a spellcaster
    • We leave Tinkerreach’s study space and step out into the city proper. Silverymoon is BEAUTIFUL. Houses are built around, within, and in the branches of trees. Spanning the river is a bridge completely made of light (“The Moon Bridge”, famous enough that Odo and Nev have heard of it, it can be willed out of existence to protect the city). On the north bank, we can see the spire of the High Palace, where the seat of government meets
        ◦ We’re on the south bank, on the campus of the Conclave of Silverymoon
    • We head over to Angela’s. She’s happy to see Kaz, but embarassed when we find out she’s been sleeping with Theo Stone (“no accounting for taste” – Kaz). Kaz catches her up a little bit on what’s happened.
    • Odo tries to be really friendly to Theo and tell him how he made his jerkey. Theo is grossed out, and makes a hasty exit when Odo offers to share it with him. Kaz psychically eggs Odo on, wanting to irritate Theo.
    • Suddenly there’s a knock on the door. We jump into readiness, but it’s only a 12-year-old boy who says he has a message for “Kaz Talfen.” Nevaeh says that she’s Kaz and learns that the boy was paid 1 silver to deliver it by a man he didn’t know.
    • The message says “Meet me at Everitt’s Crag at midnight. I am not welcome in this city. Don’t bring anyone else but your companions. I have information about your father.”


Text RP
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:05 PM
Kaz studies the note, rubbing her thumb along the words.
(Can I try to recognize the handwriting @John Dungeon Master?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:14 PM
Sure, make an investigation check
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:14 PM
13
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:16 PM
You’ve never seen this hand writing before
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:27 PM
Her brow furrows. "Who could possibly know about my da an' me, but I don't know them?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 6:36 PM
(Is there any kind of divination spell we could do to find out who it is?)
(Also, what time is it, how much time do we have until we have to meet them?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:38 PM
It’s about 6pm
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 6:42 PM
“Could Tinkerreach cast any divination or scrying to find out who wrote the letter? Could Angela do any tracking on it?
We don’t have much time until we have to go meet them”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:43 PM
"Divination isn't really her specialty..." Kaz shrugs, turning to Angela. "Can ye make heads or tails of this?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:06 PM
“I can divine what will happen if we go to the meeting tonight...?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:08 PM
Kaz nods. "That's a good idea. After hearing about that bald man sniffin' about, I'm worried we could be walkin' into a trap"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:19 PM
“When we do, I’ll hang around in the shadows while the three of you go meet them.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:28 PM
“Mmm, it sounds like whoever this man is, he knows about the whole lot of us. I don’t think that hiding would fool anyone”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:34 PM
“It’s not to fool them so much as if we get trapped, at least one of us will might be able to save the rest”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:37 PM
She nods slowly. “That makes sense. Who’d’ve thought that splitting up would help us survive?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:00 PM
“I have good ideas sometimes. Getting high before an audience with a god, trusting demon mushrooms, and Heather-izing Bognar, maybe not so much.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:02 PM
“Eh, we all have a few clunkers. Me runnin’ away from my old life without any explanation wasn’t one of my better ones.” She rubs the back of her neck, glancing sheepishly at Angela 
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:05 PM
“There was also that one time you all said we should play nice with those jade constructs and we almost got sliced into sushi. Good times.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:06 PM
She wrinkles her nose. “Ugh, don’t remind me. Blasted ancient security constructs”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:09 PM
“Those guys were stone cold killers, not to be taken for granite.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:13 PM
She snorts, managing a smile. “You and Odo and your puns. You’re quite clever, Smutlana”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:28 PM
“Clever would be if we could locate the person who wrote the letter. Is that something Angela the ranger could help us with?
Or Tinkerreach?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:29 PM
Kaz shrugs. “I mean, I’d imagine we’ll meet them tonight”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:31 PM
“But supposing it were Asger, wouldn’t it be convenient to know beforehand?
We want to get your da out of the jade cage, not end up in there with him.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:33 PM
She winced heavily. “Aye, but why wait until tonight if it’s him?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:46 PM
Kaz sighs. “Look, I agree we should try to get more information. But Tinkerreach’s expertise is more like mine. And unless you’ve been holding out on me, Angie, I don’t think there’s anything you can cast to find out more about this person?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:49 PM
Angela shakes her head and says: “No, sorry…”
“Why do you think your Dad was kidnapped? Did you .. did you get like a ransom note or something?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:02 PM
She curls into herself. “…I saw it happen. I saw an evil man named Asger Mordelon cast a spell I’d never seen before and suck my father into a tiny jade cage. He was just lookin’ for me.” She sniffles. “And that piece of shite took ‘im as a bargaining chip” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:16 PM
Nevaeh's going to set up in a small corner, grab her alms box and set out a bunch of incense, put on her vestments and cast Divination. "Selune, I need your guidance. We...need your guidance. If we meet with the person who wrote the letter tonight, at midnight, as they asked, will we be walking into a harmful trap?"
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:46 AM
(You feel a glow of moon light swell within you. Thoughts materialize in your mind, places there by the divine power of the moon maiden. Everyone sees Nevaeh’s eyes light up momentarily.)
(You get the sense that the message is actually mostly truthful but the sender is indeed hostile)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 9:50 AM
zug has been assisting Nev with the ritual What sayeth the Moon Mother, Nevaeh?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 11:39 AM
(DM, can we get the text of the message again?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 11:40 AM
(Message: meet me at Everitt’s crag at midnight. I am not welcome in the city, don’t bring anyone else but your companions. I have information about your father) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 11:45 AM
"There's probably a reason this person isn't allowed in the city. They're likely hostile, probably armed, maybe not alone and...they do have information about Kaz's father. We don't have a choice. But we can prepare."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:49 AM
Not allowed in the city? Angela, Kaz - why would someone not be allowed in the city?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:01 PM
"Well, technically, they said they were unwelcome, which could mean that they're allowed inside legally but that someone with quite a lot of power would prefer they remain outside. As for what would warrant banishment...." she thinks about it.
John Dungeon Master — Today at 3:30 PM
(The usual things come to mind, murder theft etc. But you do know that the city is generally welcoming of people of all races and creeds so it might not be an identity issue)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:32 PM
She shrugs. "Murder, theft, and the like would probably do it."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 5:30 PM
“Omg… could it be another warlock? They’re usually shady… present company excluded of course”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:16 PM
She glances briefly at Angela, then rubs the back of her neck awkwardly. “That’s a possibility, though it would likely depend on their patron. I can’t see anyone serving Titania bein’ unwelcome just because they’re a warlock” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 6:23 PM
(do we, or I, directly know any of this warlock stuff from Kaz? I mean I've seen her using the spells and stuff but like...I haven't heard the name Titania before.)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 6:24 PM
(Titania’s name would be common knowledge, she’s the queen of fairies)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 6:25 PM
“Oh come on, Kaz, you know what I mean. People who make deals in exchange for power usually aren’t looking to kick it with faeries and bookas, dancing around in the twilight and rejoicing.
Though of course warlocks get a bad rap, generally. It’s like, you raise oooooooooooone little orc up from death and all of a sudden you’re a necromantic scourge.
When it’s like - hold on a sec. Her name is Heather, and she has feelings and a lot of great things to offer this world in the one hour that she has to live.
And it’s like - so what if sometimes you wanna just summon milky white tentacles out of the Void to lash out at your enemies with the cool caress of acid damage? Who doesn’t like tentacles?? As if, right?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:37 PM
Kaz makes several false starts to say something, but finally settles on “…Drosys was the only warlock I’ve ever met, actually. And he wasn’t really able to talk to us”
“I guess he was responsible for the tentacle monster, though”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 6:43 PM
“… see? That’s the spirit! The only thing better than tickles is ten-tickles! They’re way more fun and maybe less horrifying when you say it like that, methinks. So when is Excilicor gonna send you your tentacles, Kaz?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:55 PM
Kaz looks mortified at the idea of having tentacles. “I, uh, haven’t really been trying to use my power that way. Most of what I can do seems to revolve around either psychic ability or disturbin’ the fabric of reality a bit” 
She gives Angela a weak smile. “Nothin’ too crazy”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 06/28/2022
“Not saying you would grow tentacles, Kaz, though if you did so what? Imagine having extra appendages, you could write in more than one journal at once! I was just talking about something more low-key, like how fun it would be if you could summon some from the void for just a wee bit?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/28/2022
She shrugs awkwardly. "It doesn't sound like it would be so great for Exilicor, given what Erfessa said"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 06/28/2022
“Whaddya mean? She said Exilicor doesn’t like tentacles?”
(OOC I don’t recall what erfessa said regarding this)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/28/2022
“She said that Exilicor could end up like Hadar the Hungerer if they left the Far Realm and ended up here. I’ve only heard a few mentions of Hadar in all my searching, but none of them were good.” 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/29/2022
Odo looks around, still peering out the window looking to see if there are any more young couriers with messages
"Hmmmmmm, reckon I not too sure if I done did hear bout Exilicor... who they?"
Odo turns around and approaches Kaz.  He looks down at the ground, back at Kaz and back down at the ground.
"Welll, I not too sure Kaz, but if somebody done be fixin..."
Odo looks back towards Angela and then back towards Kaz, not down at the ground anymore.
"...fixing to have a meetin'... can't say I feel good bout that meetin' wee did have with them Rosaradrath folks in Fort Gilbert..."
Odo thinks
"Perhaps I did done been thunking... errr... I mean, I did done hear, Angela, got them eyes sharp like a bird in the air hunting for a rodent.  Welllp, if I done know anything from what Sir Gondreian did done be saying bout Archers is it be them eyes that make a big difference..."
Odo chuckles...
"Not Toby's eyes tho... prolly his first time firing that bow was when we was facing Bognar"
Odo looks over to Kaz, then over to Angela then back at Kaz
"Maybe Smutlana, done have a mighty fine point... maybe someone can be hiding a bit ...errr well not so much hiding but standing by..."
Odo clears his throat a little but speaks softer
"Well, I guess what I done trying to say, is done you been thinkin' that if the creek-dont-rise yer ol' friend Angela be willin' to lend them eyes of hers, to assist should we need it from a distance?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 06/29/2022
“Oh right, maybe Angela and I can be posted remotely and with sneaks, in case anything cray should happen. What does this place look like where we will meet? Is it outdoors or will we be indoors?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/29/2022
Kaz looks down at the floor, speaking softly. “Exilicor’s my patron, Odo. It’s… still a little strange for me to think of them, so I don’t talk about them often.”
As Odo turns back and approaches her, she looks up again. “…it would be very helpful if Angie came, but this person said not to bring anyone else. I don’t want to risk losing the information on my da if they find out we’ve gone against that”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 06/29/2022
“I get that, but if these people are known hostiles then we need to bring all the firepower we can. If Angie is outside or nearby enough to be on call, then technically we didn’t bring her”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/29/2022
Kaz bites her lip, conflicted. After a moment, she looks over at Angela. “Would you be willin’ to wait on standby?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 06/29/2022
“Maybe there’s a way for us to signal for her to jump in if we need her.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/29/2022
She glances back at Lana. “That could work. Perhaps we could buy a whistle at the market? I’ve a few other things I’ve been meaning to pick up anyway, and frankly I feel a bit too wired to sit inside until midnight”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/29/2022
Odo hummmms a bit, reorganizing his buckets
"Errr uh Angela ya done be mighty kind and sweet.  Uh.  We done got a bucket o’ honey.  Had to make space for that there clucking fantastic abyssal chicken in that there jug that Kaz has.  Well.  I guess I done be wondering.  Wulddya like some this hear honey from this here Honeybucket?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:25 AM
Angela, says: “No thanks”
picking up her bow and slinging her quiver over her shoulder, she says: “Kaz, of course I want to help, what can I do?” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:24 AM
(Nev has a signal whistle)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:10 AM
Kaz thinks about it. “If you hide a good distance away, but can see us and whoever we’re meetin’ with, I reckon you can help us if we need it without them knowin’ you’re there”
(What do I know about the terrain around Everrit’s Crag? Is it forested? Far from the city?) 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 2:38 PM
(It’s about 6 of 7 miles away. It’s in a forested area but the actual crag is a rocky hill with no trees)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 2:52 PM
"You could hide in the trees around the crag. That should be close enough, I think."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 4:06 PM
She nods, looking uncharacteristically serious
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 4:21 PM
Could Lana blow a magic whistle in slime form? 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 4:23 PM
(Do you have a magic whistle and does it require lungs?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 4:24 PM
(Nev has the whistle, they require directed air flow, not lungs per se)
(So a slime could presumably make a controlled queef that could activate the whistle)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 4:26 PM
(You could try)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 4:29 PM
“Ok Angela, let’s test this whistle out.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 4:37 PM
Lana reaches out to Nevaeh for the whistle
“We’ll test it at 500, 750, 1000, 1250, and 1500 feet, and see how far it works”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 5:30 PM
“You want me to let a slime blow my whistle? Have we met?!”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:40 PM
“I mean, it’s Nev’s whistle. I’m sure she can blow it” Kaz shrugs
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 6:02 PM
“So imagine Nev, Odo, and Kaz are in a clearing on a mountain, and Lana is stashed away in Slime form, like in some bushes I dunno, over there. The hostiles come by and start getting rowdy - it’s time to give the signal, but of course do it subtly!! So Nev very obviously in front of the hostiles pulls out the whistle and… do you see where this is going? 
It’s gonna take some time for Angie pants to arrive, she needs some lead time
So that’s why Smutlana, in Super Slime Smutmode, should queef on the whistle from the shadows.
By “queef” I mean that I won’t have proper lips and lungs when I’m a slime, but I can make a pocket of air and squeeze it out in a controlled way and basically queef out a directed air beam to blow the whistle.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:07 PM
“There’s not a lot of cover on top of Everrit’s Crag. If you were hiding, you’d have to be at the bottom with Angela.” She looks confused. “Plus, if we’re already fightin’ why be subtle about callin’ for backup?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 6:09 PM
“Bazinga! you've never seen Smutlana's Super Stealthy Slimey Smutmode... it was gift I recently received from Psilofyr, check it out!”
Smutlana demonstrates the new ability by transforming into a slime
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:12 PM
Kaz sits up in surprise, planning momentarily forgotten. “Wow, that’s quite impressive!”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 6:14 PM
still in slime form, Smutlana manages to pull off a smile
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:20 PM
She reaches out curiously to poke Slimelana, then remembers it’s her friend and sheepishly withdraws her hand.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 7:03 PM
Odo seeing Kaz almost try to poke Slimelana makes Odo also curious
"hmmmmm"
Odo gets on his knees, as if trying to talk to a small child
"hmmmmmmmmmmmmm"
Odo leans down towards Slimelana
"mighty interestin' ya done can be like all jiggly little ball kinda like the same way fatty parts of abyssal chicken done jiggle"
Odo leans even closer, inspecting
"Slimelana, ya comfy like that?  Even bein' a gift from Psilofyr, it done look mighty cramped to be that there tiny"
Odo sniffs Slimelana brienfly. (What does Slimelana smell like?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:11 PM
“The note said to bring your companions, so Lana has to be there, probably not in slime form.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:42 PM
Slimelana happily queef-chirps in response to Kaz’s gesture, but objects to Nevaeh’s point with sloppy sloshing and sucking on the floorboards
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:27 PM
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:36 PM
Angela says: “what in the hells?!”
“Is he ok?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:51 PM
"Um... I think so?" She studies the slime mold for a moment, then turns to Angela. "You're handling this a lot better than I thought you would" she says sheepishly.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:58 PM
“We’ll… you’re handling me dating Theo better than I thought you would…”
“I would have told you, if I could like, magically speak into your mind” she waves her fingers to indicate magic
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:01 PM
She laughs. "I still think he's a bit of a prick, but as long as you're happy. And if he breaks your heart, I'll break his kneecaps." Her smile wavers a bit. "And you don't mind that I'm a warlock?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:03 PM
she’s distracted for a moment by the undulating slime mold creature spreading out on her floor
“A warlock?”
“I’ve heard of that but what does it mean?” 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:08 PM
“Um… I’m honestly still tryin’ ta figure that out myself. But it essentially means I get my magic from somethin’ else”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:09 PM
“Ohhh so is that what he is too?” looking at slimelana
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:11 PM
She shakes her head. “No. He’s a druid. An acolyte of Psilofyr, the fungal god of myconids”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:13 PM
“That’s wild!”
“How did you all meet?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:16 PM
“Well, when I left here, I was followin’ a lead from my patron, tryin’ ta find out more about them. And it took me to that Netherese archaeological dig, Fort Gilbert.” She takes a moment to scoff at the name. “We all ended up there for various reasons, but that’s where we met”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:18 PM
“Are you back in town for good now?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:19 PM
Her shoulders slump, and she shakes her head. “I have to find my da. And apparently the four of us have a destiny to prepare for”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:24 PM
Her eyes get big, and she studies you for a moment, as if to discern whether your kidding, then realizing you’re not, she says: “…Wild!”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:25 PM
Kaz manages a smile. “I suppose destiny means I have somethin’ to look forward to, at least”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 8:18 AM
Slimelana offers a series of encouraging queef-chirp gurgles and proceeds to flatten out and crawl around the room
After scooting around the walls and ceilings, Slimelana returns to form “Ya know what? Fuck the whistle. I could just cast Skywrite.”
You cause up to ten words to form in a part of the sky you can see. The words appear to be made of cloud and remain in place for the spell's duration. The words dissipate when the spell ends. A strong wind can disperse the clouds and end the spell early.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:26 PM
“Wouldn’t that be just as obvious though, AND waste your spells?” she shrugs “I just don’t see why we have to make it subtle”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 3:44 PM
“If we're whistling we're already in trouble right?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:44 PM
“Aye”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 3:46 PM
“Not gonna lie here team, I've just been looking for a reason to write a big mushroom into the sky. And by mushroom, I mean it's gonna be a penis that could also be a mushroom. Childish, perhaps, but a bucket list-type of thing nonetheless.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:47 PM
Kaz bursts out laughing. “Lana, you don’t need an excuse to do that. Honestly, you’re better off doing it now, while it’s light out and everyone can see it”
John Dungeon Master — Today at 3:48 PM
(An interesting choice since, as a bird, you only have cloaca, no mammalian male anatomy)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 3:50 PM
(penis graffiti is just kind of a timeless, universal symbol of funsies was the point)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 3:50 PM
(Yeah I gathered as much)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 3:53 PM
Lana throws his hands up in desperation, and bemoans “Kaz - you can't be the one to be telling me to draw penis-shrooms into the sky. Someone here needs to act as the voice of reason and keep things together, or else the wheels could fall off of this thing and we spiral out of control like so much Limbo matter.”
“We need to find your da.” He presses his fingers to his temples and widens his eyes “Now focus...”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:50 PM
Kaz folds her arms. “I’m not yer mum, an’ I can get a good laugh outta drawin’ rude pictures in the sky if I want.” She notices Lana start concentrating, and her arms loosen. “…can ye see him?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 6:44 PM
“Nah. Just a bunch of dicks.
Let’s get some rest before we have to fuck up these randos though.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:48 PM
She sighs, a little disappointed. "Alright. But first I'm heading to the market. I wasn't kidding about feelin' cooped up after all that's happened."
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 7:07 PM
Odo hearing that Kaz wants to go to the Market
"Ayyy uh Kaz, is the market back over that glowy bridge?  Wonder if they done would have some things I done been thinkin' bout out there in that there market."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:08 PM
Kaz chuckles. "We can go visit the bridge, if you'd like. I saw how you all were admirin' it earlier"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 7:10 PM
"I wanna see if I done glow, if I done touch it...maybe lick it"
Odo thinks deeply
"Nevayuhhh done liked the bridge too"
Odo nods looking at Nevaeh's direction but then looking back towards the jug
"Hmmm, ya mind if I check on that there salt-cured abyssal chicken in that there jug of your's Kaz?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:19 PM
Kaz's hand shoots to the bag of holding. "Odo, I thought you kept the chicken in your buckets!"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 7:23 PM
Odo shakes his head, sniffs deeply
"I got the honey that was leftover from the jug in this here honey bucket 🪣"
Odo chuckles
"Mmm 'honey bucket' done got a mighty fine ring to it 🚽🪠 🐝"
"That why I used some that there massive collection of salt 🧂 in the jug for them chopped up uncooked abyssal chicken pieces 🐔🍗"
Odo nods confidently smiling
"Bet it be comin’ ‘long jus fine, using lotta salt, it done make it all cured, just done wanna make sure nothin spoiling, as I done figure that happens early on in the process. Maybe a few them lil pieces if ain't coated all right might go kinda wobbly"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:32 PM
Kaz groans, pulling out the alchemy jug and taking the lid off. "Odo. I'm beggin' ye. Please buy a normal jug for your cookin' experiments. We can't use this one's magic while you've got jerky in it, and besides, this one makes poisons that might get in yer food"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 7:37 PM
Odo nods, inspecting the jug and topping it off with a bit more salt. He briefly walks out the front door to pour off the excess liquid from the jug, then tops it off with even more salt.
"Yeeeuuuppp mmmm that abyssal salt-cured chicken be mighty good. But I reckon ya right, it just done be the only jug we done had at the time"
Odo chuckles
"But! I done figure maybe that there market would have normal jugs that could work.  Figure could just move it into a normal jug"
Odo nods confidently
"Market jugggssss.  Maybe I get a couple of jugs.  I'd done like to have a couple of big jugs."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:42 PM
Kaz wrinkles her nose at the liquid, making a mental note to wash the alchemy jug at the earliest opportunity. “Aye. In fact, let’s go now, before it gets too dark and all the stall keeps pack up for the evenin’”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 7:50 PM
Odo nods, stretching, adjusting the armor
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:52 PM
“Well...I'm never eating something from that jug again. blech”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:55 PM
“Don’t worry Nev, I’ll clean it” Kaz mutters
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:55 PM
“I'll...help”
