    • We wake up the morning of Eleasis 30 & plan to raid Ranjat’s hideout within the city. Luna repeats in Ranjat’s voice that Ranjat was staying at “Mirshaz's arms” in the Hellgate neighborhood. He strongly discourages us from going there, because there’s a TON of fiends who all saw us kill Ranjat.
        ◦ Stinkmaggot/Luna was the oldest Kenku (grandfatherly) & the boss of the others. Trashwing/Twilight is a bit younger than Lana, but none of them know exactly how old because they didn’t have birthdays or anything.
    • Kaz and Nev go to Xosco’s to find out what it takes to become a member. A consultant informs us that we need recommendation letters from at least 5 members in order to become members ourselves. There’s also an initial membership fee of 1000gp per person and an ongoing fee depending on how much we use their services. There’s also a membership vote to let us in, and we’d need a sponsor within the organization.
        ◦ Kaz suggests the excursion, and Odo encourages her not to go alone in case Exilicor tries to contact her again and she goes insane.
        ◦ We know that Lady Renalia is a member. Lana later suggests we could attend auctions as Lady Renalia’s emissaries and bid for her/buy items through her.
    • Meanwhile, Lana and Odo go to Marla’s Mageworks to sell Ranjat’s sword. Marla is impressed with it, and explains that the sword is too ancient, dangerous, and valuable for her business. Lana makes clear that she only wants to sell to someone who wouldn’t abuse the weapon, and Marla recommends the party visit the Favel Brothers Antique Dealership (where Lana and Nev bought their scrying font).
    • The Favel brothers are quite impressed by the sword as well. They offer up 2,450 gp for the sword. Lana senses that there’s room to go up, but the first offer wasn’t absurd. Lana and Odo manage to negotiate up to 2,550 gp, then to 2,600 gp. Lana and Odo agree to 2,600 in coin with a contractual promise not to sell to any fiends. Before they leave, Lana asks the Favel brothers to let the party know if they acquire any anti-fiend weapons.
        ◦ each sack of gold is 25 lbs
        ◦ Grestkor is the younger Favel brother
    • The party regathers for lunch and plans their next move. They learn that Ranjat has been in Sigil for months, and had essentially packed up all his stuff and moved it to Sigil. Luna had never been inside the tavern, but knows it was filled with spiny devils, bearded devils, and horned devils. Sometimes, he even saw pit fiends. The Far-Flung Fellowship collectively decides not to mess with that.
    • Lana spends the rest of the day Awakening a bluecap mushroom to tend her mushroom farm. Kaz goes out looking for ritual spells, but doesn’t find any she’d like to copy. Nev and Odo go out for wedding gifts, and Nev also picks up some spell reagents.
        ◦ It’s 25gp to copy a 1st level and 200gp to copy a second level
    • Kaz gets back to the house first and learns that Acolyte Mari came by to ask when we’d like to sit for our portrait. We send her a message that we’ll have our sitting Eleint 3
    • The awakened mushroom pulls themself out of the ground, looks up at Lana, and eagerly asks “Are you my father?” Lana nods happily and the two share a hug. The mushroom is now named Willow. Lana introduces them to the rest of us.
    • Kaz second-guesses and asks Nev if she should copy down Magic Mouth. Nev encourages her to do it, and Kaz goes back and does so, trusting her judgement.
    • That evening, Kaz gets a vision from Exilicor. The rest of the party sees her drop what she’s holding as her gaze goes distant. Kaz’s vision tunnels and she sees Exilicor’s shimmering form before her. “It moved. Bad” they transmit. Kaz aks where the mythallar got moved, and receives the response “Uncertain. Not sure where anymore. Dark” The connection ends and she finds herself back at the dining room table with the others, shaken but sane.
        ◦ Zeferio had explained that the mythallar was on a levitating platform and he was using telekinesis to move it.
        ◦ Note to self: have Kaz learn telekinesis
    • We take off in the evening and portal to the Prime Material. Lana draws a rainbow Enso circle on a nearby tree which allows us to teleport right up to Falcon’s Roost. The servants welcome the party inside.
    • Marshal Blackheath tells Odo that a person completely covered in a black cloak delivered a letter for him. The letter has a red wax seal, but it’s been sealed with a completely flat seal rather than a signet ring (suggesting a deliberate attempt to conceal one’s identity).
        ◦ It says: “Dear Master Odo Falcanspur, I am writing to inform you that if you meddle in my business again, your entire family will die.” It’s unsigned, but Kaz suspects it’s from Asger.
        ◦ Nev sends a message to Othar Falcanspur to warn him of the threat. He responds “When you fight for good and justice, you make enemies of evil. We’ll be fine here.”
    • Kaz checks in with her dad to make sure he’s alright before she goes to sleep. He’s fine, and says it’s good to hear from her :) <3
    • Nevaeh casts Commune that evening to ask Selune
        ◦ Did Asger send the threatening letter?: Unclear (Asger is probably shielded from divination magic)
        ◦ Will Odo be safe tomorrow night?: Signs point to yes
        ◦ Will he need our protection tomorrow night?: Signs point to no
    • The party rests for the evening, then spends the rest of the day exploring Odo’s family estate. Kaz stops by to say hello to Jandar, the half-elven horse trainer, then goes riding with Nevaeh. Odo and Lana practice netting, then spend time with Odo’s friend Sear’rebellion. Odo tells Sear’rebellion about Asger’s threat, and he’s ready to hunt Asger down on Odo’s behalf. Odo warns Sear’rebellion isn’t one to be taken lightly, but Sear’rebellion clearly still wants to hunt Asger down and kill him.
    • Odo mimics the pose he saw his ancestors in, and he can just faintly hear a voice speaking to him. It says “Odo? Can you hear me? Can you hear me?” Odo responds that he can, and the voice says “I am one of your ancestors”
        ◦ Odo: “I’ve been waiting! I have so many questions.”
        ◦ Ancestor: “Yes. What would you ask of me?”
        ◦ Odo: “I really don’t know where to begin. Who am I?”
        ◦ Ancestor: “You are Odo, of course”
        ◦ Odo: “That’s true. Who are you, besides my ancestor?”
        ◦ Ancestor: “I am your great grandfather, Wilbur Ursina. I was the last lord of East Amphail before your other grandfather took over.”
    • Wilbur Ursina offers to tell Odo his family’s story, and he accepts, falling into a trance. He sees a vast grassland plane somewhere in the north, with a tribe of nomads. Wilbur tells Odo that they were his ancestors, who lived fierce lives and hunted prey. The chieftans were secretly werebears, and it was passed down through the generations when a father bit their son and transferred the ability. Wilbur introduces Marcel the Dragonslayer (singlehandedly slew a white dragon), Audric (defeated a great orc chieftan of the Uthgart rivals), Solenin (slew a mighty demon that crawled up from the ground), Audric the 4th (led his people to settle in farming lands, took up residence in “Falcon’s Roost” as the first lords of East Amphail). Wilbur himself was poisoned and died prematurely, and he wants Odo to avenge him. He says that Ursinas have a tradition of helping their descendents from beyond the grave. Odo promises to avenge Wilbur.
    • Odo returns to consciousness and explains his vision to the party. Kaz gives him a hug. The full moon is at its zenith overhead.
        ◦ The treant is happy to see Odo as well, and we learn that he’s called “Old Mossy Boots” for the amount of moss growing on his legs
    • The party spends the rest of the night celebrating the full moon with Nevaeh. The guardian bears allow Nevaeh to use the altar in the sacred clearing (which is consecrated to Selune) for a moon revel.
    • The Far-Flung Fellowship rests, then visits Waterdeep. Nevaeh heads to the Temple of the Moon. Kinesi pulls her aside and says she heard Jesselia Redenthorp (neé Moonstar, priestess of high moonlight) and Sora Hallowfil (treasurer, fetched the reliquary for Nevaeh) talking about Nevaeh a few days ago. They were confused and frustrated that they couldn’t scry her. Nev asks Kim not to mention Psilofyr’s anti-scrying gift to them.
        ◦ Odo tries to visit Tammy, but learns that the paladin trainees are running laps around the city. He leaves a message that he’s proud of her.
    • Nev knows that it’s unusual for such high-ranking priestesses to scry on her. It’s possible that they were checking in on her since she was going to the Lower Planes with the reliquary, but she decides to ask Sora about it anyway. She goes up to Sora’s office and heavily reassures her that she’s still alive and the reliquary is safe. 
    • Waiting outside but listening to Nevaeh’s conversation, Kaz decides to cast Detect Thoughts. Sora’s surface level thought is that she’s trying to tell what’s going through Nevaeh’s mind (like an insight check). There’s a note of concern as well, as if she’s thinking “this is a little weird.” Kaz also detects that Sora is trying very hard not to let her thoughts show on her face. Nev asks “I’ll be here for a bit. Do you need me for anything?” and Sora’s thoughts turn slightly to fear. Sora asks “Is there anything you’re not telling me?” then immediately backtracks and says “no, it’s okay, never mind.” Nevaeh just says that it’s been tough being unable to find her dad and leaves.
        ◦ I’m sus that Sora didn’t want Nev in the area because she herself is up to shady business, and that’s why she got scared when Nev offered her services. 
        ◦ Sora is a human werecat with a yellow coat. She’s always been a higher-ranked priestess while Nevaeh was studying in the House of the Moon, but is relatively new to the treasurer role. She’s 10-12 years older than Nevaeh, but not a member of the nobility.
    • The party decides to follow up on what happened to Tannerick Tesper, the asshole noble we met in the Yawning Portal tavern. Kaz finds out that Tannerick Tesper came back a day after he’d gone into Undermountain, very badly injured and carried by his friends. He’d apparently fallen and broken a lot of bones. 
        ◦ Lana loudly announces that she needs to “powder her nose” and drags Kaz into the bathroom with her. Kaz looks confused. “Do ye need any help, or…?” Lana rolls her eyes and casts Enhance Ability on her so she can ask around for information. As she leaves the bathroom, she catches a few extra glances thrown her way. One guy buys her a drink.
    • Kaz decides to cast Sending to Gilbert Orenson to see if he’s still alive, but receives no response. She assumes he’s dead.
    • Kaz asks around the Yawning Portal about how the war is going. One person says they’d heard from a griffin-rider that the Waterdelvians had killed the Death Prince. Nev casts Sending to Sir Gondrian, who’s shocked and glad to hear she’s alive after Rezzoradrath, and lets her know that the Death Prince (the magic-user who was leading the goblin army) was a fiend.
    • The party returns to Sigil the following day and sits for their portrait, then follows a summons to see Lady Renalia


Text RP
John Dungeon Master — 12/05/2022 12:52 AM
Jevren knocks on your door in the morning.  He explains that he's come to see if 2 bells in the post-peak (2pm) will work for you to meet with Lady Renalia?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/05/2022 1:26 AM
“I'll get it!” Nev has clearly been up getting ready for picture day, might be on her fourth cup of tea “Hey Jevren, good to see you!” BIG HUG She's clearly in a great mood “Uh...I don't know exactly how long this picture is going to take, but we'll make it work whenever the Lady can see us.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/05/2022 9:21 AM
“Aye, we don’t want to keep her waitin’” Kaz chimes in. She’s playing with her magic, shaping and reshaping a small illusory squirrel dressed in tiny clothes. Despite it’s stillness, it’s very cute.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/05/2022 11:08 AM
“Oh my goddess. That's the cutest thing ever”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/05/2022 12:05 PM
Kaz grins. "Thanks! I'm gonna give it a fancy hat. What color should I make it?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 12/05/2022 4:47 PM
coming up from the basement, Smutlana nudges open the basement door with a foot and brushes some dirt off his hands back downwards.  Eyeing the squirrel playfully, Lana heads over to the sink and plops Willow into it.
"Purple, isn't it? Nev, the decanter if you don't mind. Willow and I were doing some shroom-tending down stairs."
"Morning Jevren. What news from the Lady have we then?"
John Dungeon Master — 12/05/2022 4:49 PM
Eudora let’s put a little muffled shriek, startled at seeing the animated mushroom in the sink, and then slips out of the room up the back stairs
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 12/05/2022 4:51 PM
"Don't worry, Willow. She'll come around. She's seen worse around here."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/05/2022 6:55 PM
“Isn't that the truth.” hands over the decanter
“I agree with Lana, purple!”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 12/05/2022 7:08 PM
Smutlana industriously washes Willow in the sink
(you can see little blue cap sprinkles if you zoom in)
"Now Jevren darling pipe up, what word have you from The Lady? To what do we pray thanks for this audience?"
John Dungeon Master — 12/05/2022 7:15 PM
He’s just kind of waiting outside the kitchen but looks in “yes, lady Renalia would like to request your services but I’m afraid I’m not privy to the details. May I confirm that you will call on her ladyship at 2 bells postpeak?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 12/05/2022 7:19 PM
“Yes of course Jevren. Could you send word back that 2 bells postpeak is suitable, but could you also mention that we need help with auctions at Xosco’s? We’re otherwise looking for anti-fiend weaponry and we could use her discretion in this matter.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/05/2022 8:08 PM
Kaz flicks her fingers, giving the squirrel a purple hat. It looks suspiciously like Lana’s, with tiny mushrooms growing from the brim. “When I was small, my friends and I would do things like this - dressin’ up little animals, I mean. My friend Rhyleigh could get just about any creature to trust us, and Lorelei would make flower crowns for them.” She chuckles. “I suppose technically they were my first adventuring party. We called ourselves ‘The Distinguished Adventurer’s Club’”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/05/2022 9:16 PM
(why does that conversation between Lana and Jevren make me laugh so hard)
“Rhyleigh and Lorelei, what pretty names. Distinguished Adventurer's - How old were you? Very distinguished young ones huh?” she giggles
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/05/2022 9:28 PM
(It's the posh accent for me)
Kaz grins. "Oh certainly. The most distinguished 7- and 8-year-olds you've ever seen. Rhyleigh's always had a bit of a knack for magic as well. She'd do little tricks for us, making flowers bloom and all that. Last I heard, she was studying to be a druid." Her mouth twists thoughtfully. "Huh. I could show them magic tricks too, now. That's an odd thought"
Turning to Lana, she adds 'I'm sure she'd love to learn from you, if you two ever met"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/05/2022 10:20 PM
“Are they still in Silvery moon?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/05/2022 10:23 PM
"Hm? Oh, no. We grew up in the High Forest. They're still there." She scuffs her feet along the floor. "I wonder how they're doing. Maybe I should cast Sending to them. But then I wouldn't have enough magic to explain everything." She sighs. "I'll just have to go back soon and tell them in person"
A sly grin crosses her face. "Bet they'll be impressed by our fine squirrel fashion"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 12/05/2022 11:53 PM
Odo grumbles from the pile of hay in the closet under the stairs 
More grumbling after hearing Jeverins voice 
...
Odo opens up the closet door. 
...
Odo being lazy laying in the hay
"Reckon I didn't know Lady Rrrreeenallleeeeyyyyaahhh did done want us to come an’ visit"
Odo rolls out of the hay piles, slowly composing himself 
"Did done figure if Lady Rrrreeenallleeeeyyyyaahhh did done want us and we a neeeeeda done be out at that there portrait painting thing… of things, of sorts, I uhhh I uhhhhhhh hmmmmmmmm"
Odo sniffs deeply his clothes, gear, armpits, feet and other areas
"I uh."
Odo sighs deeply verrryyy deeply in frustration
"I uhhh.  Reckon.  I neeeeeda bathe" 
Odo rolls out of the closet, little tracing of hay happening
"Hmmmm"
Odo looks around for Willow
"There's a Willow!!! How did ya done sleep little one?!  I know I hate baths.  They're the worst" 
Odo looks upstairs 
"I'mmmma go do what needs to be done"
Odo grabs the ice javelin
"Hmmmmm.  I done be back" 
Odo walks upstairs grumbling
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/06/2022 8:41 PM
(Is Odo sleeping in a closet on the first floor?)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 12/06/2022 8:42 PM
( hehehehe 😂🤣 yesshhh )
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 12/07/2022 12:02 AM
Kaz watches him climb the stairs. Offhand, she murmurs, “I wonder if I should just use Prestidigitation on him…? No. He’ll probably get cleaner this way”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 12/09/2022 10:44 AM
“Well, I'm gonna finish getting ready. The faster we all get ready, the faster we can be done with our sitting to get over to the Lady.” She bounces away happily
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 12/09/2022 12:36 PM
Odo yells expletives from upstairs bathing in cold water vigorously scrubbing clothes while bathing in the tub with some rope and soap 🛁 🧼🫧
