    • We face off against the deadly automaton (Cadaver Collector). The corpses impaled on its spikes glow with an eerie purple light, and four angry spirits appear.
    • Zug kites the specters around, still in vulture form. Kaz banishes the automaton so the party can run out of the warehouse. The party is almost immediately spotted by a pair of scorpions once outside.
        ◦ The scorpions are called tlincali, and they just like to kill everything they can
    • Zug dives down to the party and drops hisvulture wildshape. The spirits drain his vitality, but Nevaeh turns them away by calling on Selune’s holy power. The party keeps running.
    • Zug casts Plant Growth and overgrows the razorvine behind us. The scorpion people turn away.
    • Kaz knows Acaron is where orc and goblin deities and their followers’ spirits fight each other forever. It’s an afterlife.
    • We head back to our original tower and climb back up. We encounter the Casta (lizardfolk) we met going through the portal at the other end of a bridge. They’ve set up a trading post, and we see the dwarf we’ve been following at the market. The Casta don’t trust us and won’t let us in, so we wait on the portal tower to spy on the dwarf.
    • We pretend to chit-chat as the dwarf passes us by, and though he’s suspicious, he decides we must be random travelers and walks by us none the wiser. We sneak after him down the tower, but are bamboozled when we lose track of him but his footsteps don’t seem to pass beyond the tower’s threshold.
    • We find a hidden safehouse inside the portal tower. Nevaeh opens a door at the bottom of a hidden staircase to reveal a woman in an austere living room. She doesn’t notice the party as Nevaeh slowly closes the door, but we hear that her name is Annen and another man’s name is Thalassian.
        ◦ The woman is painting a portrait of a sad-looking man with golden hair
    • After a brief trip back upstairs to make a plan, we head back down to pull a surprise attack on the safehouse. Nevaeh yells “Where is my father? Where is Branaris?!” Annen looks shocked to see Branaris’ kid.
        ◦ Odo shoves one of the rancid devil meat puppet/angel pastry balls that he’s been keeping in his armor into the face of one man in the safehouse. 
        ◦ We learn that the dwarf’s name is Borvit, the blond human fighter’s name is Sten
        ◦ Odo fights the werebear woman while making nothing but bear puns (“This is unbearable”, “She’s in hibearnation” when she’s  etc)
    • The werebear asks if “Querial” sent us, and says that “they” are lying to us. We continue to insist that Branaris is Nevaeh’s dad and that he’s not evil, but the Watchful Voyagers are not swayed (they just keep saying “he’s evil” but don’t elaborate). Annen suspects that we mustbe evil too, since we’re on his side.
    • We knock most of the Watchful Voyagers unconscious. Annen realizes that the party is too powerful to stop, and lets us go retrieve Branaris from the prison cells below. Nevaeh finds an unwell, haggard-looking man in one of the cells, and has a tearful reunion with her dad.
        ◦ Akaron is diametrically opposed to Branaris’ home plane (which is bad for his health, and prevents him from doing shit). The cells were lined with lead so that no one could scry into them.
    • Her dad doesn’t seem to be completely in his right mind, mumbling that he has something to do before planeshifting away from us. Nevaeh crumples to the ground as he leaves, devastated.
    • Odo and Kaz comfort Nevaeh. Zug goes back upstairs to interrogate Annen, only to find that she’s used her paints to repaint the teleportation circle that Kaz destroyed at the beginning of the battle.
        ◦ several people teleport into the safehouse just as she finishes and Zug runs up. One of them is a halfling (Toribold – captain of the Watchful Voyagers corp). There’s also a wizard, a ranger, and Mele, who also seem very high up and extremely capable.
    • The halfling works out that Nevaeh is Branaris’ daughter and that the Far-Flung Fellowship had attacked on a rescue mission.
    • Whatever is wrong with Branaris, Quirren, and the other infected, it’s not magic that can be detected or dispelled. Branaris and the other celestials haven’t fallen either – they’d look fiendish if they had. That’s why the Vigilant Sentinels wouldn’t believe that they were traitors, even though the infected have lied and hurt their companions
    • Toribold offers to let us join the Watchful Voyagers.





Text RP
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 05/24/2022
Odo walks over to Nevaeh as she's holding the painting after talking with the one who painted it "Navea-yyuhhh ay reckon it has been a mighty intense day, but I done know we do be finding your pops real soon.  I figure there a mighty good explaining as to why he had to done skidaddle so darn quick - don't chu worry tho, I done figure these folx can help us."
Odo nods reassuringly
"Ahhh that be a mighty nice painting indeed"
Odos eyes look at the painting carefully
"Whatchu done like most bout that there painting Navea-yyuhhh? I reckon I like that there sturdy canvas, figure it done keep it in tact when we travel yonder"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/24/2022
“But we did find him. After all this. And then he just...left me. The first time in my life I've been able to touch him, truly, and then he slipped through my fingers. He doesn't look how I thought he would, how mom described him. He looks sick and... Drained. Still has some of his magic though I guess...”
“I've tried painting him in the past but I've never been good at it. This one is good. It's nice.”
John Dungeon Master — 05/24/2022
The werebear woman, Emmalot, who has been healed now, speaks up from across the room, addressing the Halfling: “Captain, these people may have a good reason for looking for Branaris, but that doesn’t change the fact that they attacked us violently, out of nowhere! Who does that?! That one, (pointing at Odo) burst into my bedroom and hurled Johar at me! Surely they can’t be trusted.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/24/2022
Kaz ignores Emmalot for the moment, speaking softly to Nevaeh. “Gods, I’m sorry Nev. Do you want me to try to cast Sending to him for you?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 05/24/2022
Odo winks back at Emmalot
Odo then pivots, to catch Torbald's eye
"Torbald, reckon I just wanted to share these delicious snowball like angel fiend meat 🍖🥓 concoction I had done made from some street vendors up in Sigil - when I saw Johar, he done gave me the mighty hungry eyes only a wolf out in the woods done give, them hungry hungry eyes, figured it best made sense to present Johar with a delicious concoction I had done here made, only I done know Torbald, when we get them hungry eyes, it hard to contain ourselves, so I wanted to secure Johar as I done had graciously offered him one of um from my here right hand, I insisted he eat it in one big bite, cuz that when it the most tasty, reckon if ya took small bites it wouldn't give ya the same euphoria, figure one thing from my travels I always done appreciate them good foods & ales - but ya see Torbald, Johar done looked mighty tired, like that kinda tired ya done look after a rough night of ales and questionable individuals you have relations with in a horse stable ...so I figured I done had to find a bed lickity split Torbald - or else I done figured Johar might pass out on a full stomach and not be comfy, so I quickly done rushed him down that there hall, looking for a good bed to have him take a comfy snooze in ya know. Just happened that beary attractive woman, had a good sized bed that I done figured Johar could take a snooze with. Platonically of course, ya know it's pawsable, bear with me Torbald, I just didn't want him to take a snooze on the floor, reckon she'd be beary content with sharing her bed with Johar ya know, as comrades. I didn't know I was bein a bear-er of bad tidings I reckon" 
Odo pulls out another angel fiend meat mash cake, sniffs it deeply, goosebumps raise over his exposed skin - raises an eyebrow, nods, slight smirk, sharing a brief gaze with Torbald, then a deep seductive and coy gaze with Emmalot as he wolf's down the entire thing in one bite, winks 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/24/2022
Kaz muffles her snort with her hand, concealing the motion with a casual turn and embracing Nevaeh with her other arm.
John Dungeon Master — 05/24/2022
The half elf mage, Ganth, mutters to Torbold, “he seems unwell… mentally…”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/24/2022
“I haven't tried that before. Having someone else try to talk to him. But, not a lot of other people in my life have met him before either. Do you mind? I guess it's worth a shot. pats Kaz's hand Thank you.”
((Welcome to party Ganth lol))
John Dungeon Master — 05/24/2022
Emmalot gets up and leaves the room
Meili, an enormously muscular woman who stands about 6’8” walks slowly over to Odo, looks down at him and growls: “Read the Room” 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 05/25/2022
Odo looks up and looks down and nods
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/25/2022
Kaz gives Nev a reassuring smile. “What would you liked to say?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/25/2022
“Um...good question. He can't respond back in the same way right?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/25/2022
“He can, though you might want to explain that in your message. It has to be brief, and there’s a small chance it won’t work, but we can always try again once I’ve had a bit of a breather.” She glances over at the rest of the Watchful Voyagers. “We’re not the only ones who fight like devils,” she mutters, reluctantly impressed
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/25/2022
“Okay. Umm.. ‘Dad, it's Nevaeh, if you can hear this you can respond. Where did you go? I want to help you, How can I do that?’ How does that sound, will that work?”
John Dungeon Master — 05/25/2022
(Kaz might recall from previous attempts that the spell seems to require a certain level of personal familiarity with the intended recipient, however, Nevaeh might be able to learn to cast the spell herself)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/25/2022
(So even having met him, I couldn’t send it?)
John Dungeon Master — 05/25/2022
(Familiar here means closely aquatinted, otherwise the spell could be abused to harass famous people etc.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/25/2022
(Damn, then I can’t harass Asger Mordelon for being a dick 😂)
John Dungeon Master — 05/25/2022
(Exactly and your enemies can’t harass you)
(Of course there may be other spells…)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/25/2022
Kaz pulls out her journal, flipping to the appropriate page as she mumbles "That message might be a little long, let me just..."
She finds the page after another moment, and her face falls as she scans the text. "Um... I'm not sure I know your father well enough for Sending to take effect. I've been working on another spell that's strong enough to contact my-" she cuts herself off with a glance around the room, rephrasing "uh, people I don't know so well, but it isn't quite ready yet." She sounds apologetic.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/25/2022
“Oh well...that's okay. I appreciate you trying. I'm not sure it would have worked anyways, or even if it did, if he would have responded.”
John Dungeon Master — 05/26/2022
Torbold who has taken a moment of pensive thought, says: “you folks are the only people outside our close knit family here who have ever gotten an inkling that something is wrong with a celestial. I’d like to recruit you to join us but I also think you’ll be of greater use to our cause on the outside. Do you plan to keep looking for Branaris? Do you wish to find out why he acted unlike himself?  If so, let’s make sure we can stay in touch. I overheard you taking about a sending spell. I believe Master Ganth here can show you how to make sure we can contact each other when needed.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/26/2022
Kaz looks interested, glancing over to Torbold and Ganth. “What did you have in mind?”
John Dungeon Master — 05/26/2022
Ganth says, sounding serious, “there’s a simple procedure to establish a mental trace quickly.”
“Continuous eye contact for around 5 minutes usually works”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/26/2022
She tugs on a curl, smiling awkwardly. “Um, sure. Shall we make the connection then, Torbold?”
John Dungeon Master — 05/26/2022
Ganth interjects: “I’ll take care of it. Whenever you’re ready”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/26/2022
Kaz looks back at Nevaeh, apparently unwilling to leave her side at the moment. “…perhaps before we leave”
John Dungeon Master — 05/26/2022
Torbold says: “we should all be leaving soon.” Turning to his people, “Let’s pack up this outpost. We don’t need it anymore.”
Turning back to Nevaeh he says, “Can you think of any way Branaris could have come into contact with some evil force that may have somehow corrupted him, or, gods forbid, turned him somehow?“
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/26/2022
“I mean...not really. He always did the right thing, as far as I know. I guess except what he did to get banished from Toril. But even that was for a good reason. He would say I had a mischievous streak like him sometimes when I'd get in trouble but mischief is mostly benign I think.”  She looks uncomfortable thinking about her dad being a ‘bad guy’ “Celestials don't get to be bad.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/26/2022
Kaz turns to Nevaeh, surprised. “I’m sure he’s still just as good a person as you remember him being. An’ forgive me fer askin, but how’d he get banished?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:30 PM
“Oh,  yeah, so...I was only a ‘wee one’” trying at Kaz's accent and failing miserably, “when it all happened so the story I know is what my mom told me. Um” she looks like she's really trying to remember. “I think I mentioned before that him, my mom and Odo's dad - plus others - spent time fighting against worshipers of Shar so many years ago. They were basically trying to keep Shadovarian relics out of the hands of the cultists, for obvious reasons. I think even sometimes the Shadovar themselves...well, at some point during their travels, when I was still small, at home playing with the nanny and being a terror, my mom and dad were taken off guard, attacked by a huge group of culstists when they were on their way back home to Waterdeep. They fought like hells, my mom showed me a scar she still had from it...and because they were so outnumbered my dad had no choice but to use his celestial powers to destroy the group and keep my mom safe.”
“She said he told her to close her eyes, and he wrapped his arms around her and then...that's it. She said she could feel a bright light through her closed eyes and when she opened them he was smiling at her and just like that” she snaps her fingers “he was gone. Banished almost immediately. She was left there with a bunch of scorch marks on the ground and alone. And...that was it. She came home, he was gone and I didn't understand why and she was upset too, for a long time. So, this is the first time I've seen him since I can remember.” She looks down at the painting again. “But he kept in contact me with here” she taps on her head “so I at least got to talk to him even though he wasn't there to raise me.”
“What do you know about the Shadovar, Kaz?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:30 AM
Kaz grimaces. “I know that they’re a splinter group of Netherese that survived the empire’s fall, and that they’re generally not great news. I was nearly desperate enough to seek them out for information anyway, but I didn’t think they’d have any. Then I found out about Fort Gilbert and they truly lost their appeal.”
