    • the party in the plaza seems to be part of some city-wide celebration. There’s plenty of moshing, screaming, tree-climbing. It’s out of control. Kaz finds out from Rosewine (the tiefling tour guide) that the celebration is the demons celebrating Lolth’s defeat.
    • We head toward the silver towers of the Argent Palace, as instructed by Ganth. We can telepathically speak to each other, Ganth, Torbold, and another gravelly voice. The streets are mazelike, but Boswell (the gravelly voice) helps us to navigate.
        ◦ every so often, we see an agonized face carved into the buildings from the corner of our eyes, which is always gone when we turn to look at it. We start to wonder what the buildings are made of.
    • We enter a circular plaza with a central fountain flowing with red wine. The fountain’s statue is of Graatz stepping on another demon lord with two heads and two pairs of tentacle-arms. It’s filled with market stalls surrounded by crazed or zombified humanoids. Some of them are clawing and pawing at the stalls, and are being pushed back by demons with pitchforks. Plenty of other people are smoking noxious pipes, or buying vials of liquids. We realize it’s a drug market.
        ◦ Kaz realizes the two-headed figure is probably Demogorgon, Graatz’s long-time enemy.
        ◦ Smutlana buys some sannish (a bluish liquid) from a red-skinned, white-horned tiefling named Archin. We judge from his jittery attitude and blue lips that he’s been sampling his own supply. A few other users look entirely relaxed after drinking it. One user punches another in the stomach, but the victim seems unbothered.
        ◦ Nev can tell that the sannish is made with some sort of milk and something else that’s not from the Prime Material. Lana realizes that the other component is a less-than-wholesome herb that grows in the Abyss, and that the milk is drawing out some of its magical properties.
    • We continue on until we come to a crowd blocking the street and watching something we can’t quite make out. Lana climbs a building just high enough to see over the crowd, and sees a street orgy of succubi and incubi. We manage to squeeze around the crowd and the orgy and continue on our way.
        ◦ A few succubi and incubi approach the party and try to proposition them. Everyone refuses, but the fiends seem to follow at a distance, communicating telepathically.
    • We come to the River of Salt: a white river of pure salt, traversed by metal barges. Huge chunks of salt tumble along the surface, surrounded by finer particles. We can’t take the ferry because Yugoloths are scanning everyone who gets on with a crystal ball (apparently reading people’s minds). 
    • Ganth recommends we instead walk up the river a ways to a structure that looks like a giant oven with green flames. If we walk into the oven gate, we’ll emerge in Galangast (another part of Zeletar on a different layer of the Abyss), but we’ll be out of contact with Ganth and the rest of the Watchful Voyagers. We could then get into another “giant oven” and emerge on the other side of the river. We discuss what to do for long enough that the succubi and incubi give up, and Lana’s Pass Without A Trace wears off.
    • The Far Flung Fellowship eventually chooses to go through the oven gate into Galangast. Wherever there’s no paving stone, a bright beam of light shoots up into the black sky. The beams are the only sources of light. The River of Salt is there too, and seems to flow through all three layers. We can see the green flicker of the other oven gate in the distance. Lana recasts Pass Without a Trace, and we set off down a thoroughfare filled with armored demons.
    • We pass through an even larger plaza, with a tunnel to a vast underground fungus market off to our left, and a mural of Graatz ripping Lolth apart while surrounded by scantily clad humanoids. Around us are wretched-looking humans, tieflings, goblinoids, and demons.
        ◦ The fungus is chalk fungus, a nutritious but nasty-tasting fungus that is the main source of nourishment for the city. A sign above the tunnel says “The Queen’s Causeway” in Abyssal (which Kaz and Lana can understand, with Comprehend Languages). Lana assumes the Queen is the Demon Queen of Fungi, Zuggtmoi.
    • We walk through the other oven gate and emerge back in Arcflame. Ganth directs us toward a building with a gold sphere on it. We hear Boswell the ranger tell us he has a tail, and he and Ganth become more and more tense as Boswell tries to lose his tail. Kaz checks that the party doesn’t also have a tail (they don’t). Nev casts See Invisibility and spies some invisible quasits on the rooftops, but none that appear to be paying the party special attention.
        ◦ The little fiend that was spying on Tinkerreach was a quasit.
    • We pass by the building with the gold sphere, and the sprawling Argent Palace comes into view. A crew of shackled hobgoblins walks by alongside an aberration. They’re picking up trash and feeding it to the aberration, which digests the garbage with acid.
    • We hit a dead end in the warren of streets around the palace. As we’re turning around, we see two orangutan-demons tossing a drow between them. They’re followed by a troop of other orangutan demons (balgura: personifies primal, bestial rage) and other demons with hooks in the backs of their heads (babau). Nev wants to save the drow. Lana points out that there’s a lot of suffering in the city and we can’t save everyone. Kaz is torn until the drow makes eye contact with the party as if begging to be killed. Nev moves to intercept, but Kaz holds her back to stay hidden and casts Banishment on the drow. The demons shout out that there’s a sorcerer around who’s “taken their toy,” come around the corner, and attack the party.
    • We fight hard and manage to kill all the balguras. The babau try to run, only for the drow (who reappeared when Kaz lost concentration on Banishment) to launch herself at one of the babau, crushing it and stomping on its head. Having done that and already weakened, she keels over and dies.
        ◦ she was likely a follower of Lolth, from the war. However, Kaz DOES get inspiration for saving someone.
    • Lana asks Kaz to warn her the next time she wants to save a servant of Lolth. Kaz apologizes, guiltily hands Lana a health potion, and explains that “even if she can’t save everybody, she just wanted to make it better for somebody.” Lana forgives her easily, not the sort to hold grudges.
    • We quickly clean ourselves off, hide Nev’s shield, and continue on toward the Argent Palace. The Watchful Voyagers  We see some viper trees up ahead, which are trees with branches that end in viper heads. As we head into a more crowded area to heal, Kaz can overhear some of the returning soldiers talking about new legions they’ll be joining for some new war. Some of them are also talking about visiting a layer called Twelve Trees and how great it was to see celestials being sacrificed
        ◦ Twelve Trees is a neutral layer of the Abyss often used as a staging area of the blood war. It’s not held by any demon lord, but it’s almost an unholy “holy land” for the demons
    • We see the pink building in front of us, and are instructed to turn into an alleyway. We pause to let a large vehicle pass by, and a small metal object falls to the ground about 15 feet ahead of us. Nevaeh looks up to see where it fell from and sees the dark tower from her vision from Selune.
    • Kaz grabs the little object. It’s a cylindrical scroll case, missing its cap. Inside is a torn piece of parchment with a message: “Help by all that is holy. I’m imprisoned in tower. Please help, by all that is holy. Gilbert O.” The party hesitates, discussing the message. Gilbert sends another. “The wizard is away now. No one is here. Please, help me. He’s been talking about killing me.”
    • Ganth and Torbold recall that the party has told them about Asger before, and that it’s a bit too much to be a coincidence that his tower is so close to the pink building. They offer to help us in any way they can. Kaz asks if there’s any traps, and he says the building looks clear (though he can’t see inside).
    • Lana shapeshifts into a raven and flies up to the window. She sees a metal latticework catwalk wrapping around the wall. It looks down into a wood-paneled room 20ft below, accessible via metal staircase. There are three other closed windows which can’t be seen from the outside. Below is a jail cell holding Gilbert Orenson, several books, and plenty of stuff from the Uvorin Decemvirate lab.
    • Smutlana shifts to her normal form. Gilbert apologizes, blubbering. Lana tells him to get his shit together, grab all the treasure and Netherese stuff he can carry, and get ready to go. Looking around, Lana sees tons of other treasures and a large bronze symbol of a six-fingered hand, which she knows is Graatz’s personal symbol.
        ◦ Lana gathers that Asger’s main reason for keeping Gilbert alive this long was to have him translate the Netherese texts.
    • Suddenly, Lana hears the stairway door open below and a feminine voice say “Azzie! My Azzie-wazzy detector went off! Where are you?” Then she hears a deep voice say “My mistress, let me go first.” Gilbert panics and tells Lana to put everything back and hide. After a moment of silence, we hear the feminine voice say, disappointed “He’s not here!” She kicks something, and the sounds get further away as they apparently leave. Gilbert is trembling with fear and says “That was his girlfriend.” Lana definitely recognizes the voice.
    • Lana gathers all of the loot into Gilbert’s bed sheet like a reverse Santa Claus. As she’s doing so, Torbold and Ganth gasp in horror. They tell the party to get out, as three Balor demons are on their way. Lana casts Gaseous Form on herself and Gilbert, they return to the party, and everyone books it.
    • THE LOOT:
        ◦ Potions: 2 potions of greater healing, 1 vial elixir of health, 2 doses antitoxin, 1 vial of oil of slipperiness, 4 Potions of Watchful Rest.
        ◦ Treasure: jewelled heart locket, a small silver brooch, a suit of adamantium splintmail armor, mechanical clock, staff with ram’s head (clearly has necromantic magic), the abracadabrus, a +1 net, 50ft chains with padlock, and a bone wand
        ◦ Notes: Uvorin Decemvirate research translations, notes scribbled on loose sheets of parchment that mention a mythallar, list of books he’s taking to the mythallar lab (the books themselves were already taken), a small book labeled “notes about shitheads”



Text RP
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:36 PM
(So I’m assuming Lana and Gilbert fly down with the loot?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 9:36 PM
(Yes. We safely and stealthily fly down with the loot and chuck deuces.)
(I think we just need to be careful about making sure the stuff cannot be divined
like
Sauron vibes.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:37 PM
Kaz immediately puts the other amulet of Proof Against Detection and Location on Gilbert
(he can attune to it later)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 9:37 PM
(oh right.)
(the amulet and i dunno a garlic garland)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:38 PM
The Watchful Voyagers are frantically telling you all to head back the way you came. There are three Balors emerging from the pink building. There are also a dozen powerful yugoloths.
“We misjudged this place”
Torbold says: “the Black Rings…”
(I’m assuming you hurriedly leave the scene?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:40 PM
(OH yeah)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:41 PM
Ok so you do. When you get far enough you realize that there is no alarm, no pursuit coming, and you seem to be getting away with it
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:42 PM
Huffing with exertion, Kaz asks "Who- who's the Black Rings?"
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:42 PM
“Fiends that are well organized. They’re in Sigil too.”
“They wear black rings so that’s what we call them. They have many powerful members and they’re highly secretive”
“Other fiends fear them and get out of their way”
“I didn’t know they were in Zelatar.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:48 PM
"Did you-" huff "see where they were goin'?"
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:49 PM
“They seemed to be standing at attention at the gate to the pink palace. We fled immediately. Can’t take the risk of being seen through.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:51 PM
Kaz nods, then realizes she might be too far away to see. "Understood"
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:54 PM
(So you’re able to return to the plaza where you came in and Rosewine is there waiting to show returning tour members to the return portal which is just around the corner. He lets you know it exits in the Market Ward.) 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:55 PM
Kaz is holding an empty potion bottle and giggling like she's had a good time sampling all that Zelatar has to offer
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:55 PM
When it’s clear that you’re safe, Torbold says: “We should discuss all of this.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:57 PM
"Absolutely. We can meet at our house. Gilbert can stay in the guest room for now, where we can keep an eye on him"
Turning to Gilbert and dodging a few market stalls, Kaz taps Gilbert's amulet. "Attune to that the moment you get the chance. It should stop him from finding ye too easily."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:12 AM
"We didn't get to investigate the pink towers." Nev says dejectedly.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:16 AM
Torbold says, “On the contrary, I think we’ve learned a lot about that building”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:17 AM
"I hope it was enough..." 
"But you" She looks towards Gilbert. "I think you're going to be able to help."
"I saw you. Well, I saw the tower you were in in a vision from Our Lady of Silver. It's the only reason we stopped for you. So I'm hoping you can help me. Us. "
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:20 AM
“I… I’ll help however I can, I swear”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:24 AM
"I know you will." Nev will let down her hair from the hat, toss it on the table, and dig out her shield and mace again and greatfully hand the bag of holding back to Kaz.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:26 AM
(So assuming this is when you’re home, then the telepathy spell has worn off by then, but the WV haven’t come over yet)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:27 AM
(oh yeah I assumed we were home)
(read through the other channel again in case I missed something. Looks like that was the goal, get home cuz it's safe)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:29 AM
Yeah
(It’s quick to get home from where you return to Sigil. Gilbert is weak and limping but is astonished by everything he sees)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:32 AM
(I would say gaseous form then polymorphed him during transport)
(Polymorphed into something that is easily hidden and won’t make him freak out)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:34 AM
(The WV would remind you that some demons can see the true forms of shape-changed people so it could be riskier to travel through Zelatar that way. But it’s up to you, he wouldn’t object) 
(In any case, you get home uneventfully)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:36 AM
(good to know)
(do we have a guest room in the house? I only have two extra rooms and those are for Eudora and Jevran, at least in my Sims house lol)
(oh, maybe Odo's room)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:39 AM
(You had an empty room because of odo but the kenku are using it)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:40 AM
(yeah, so Gilbert can sleep on the floor somewhere lol)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:51 AM
When he gets a chance, Gilbert says, “I don’t know what to say, I’m so grateful. I…” He breaks down and covers his face and sobs for about 3 seconds before forcing himself to recover his composure. “It’s been a nightmare. I was sure I would never leave that room alive.“
“But what brought you there?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:04 AM
"Here, have a seat and we'll make you some tea and see what food we have around. Then we can talk for a bit. I feel like you may need to get your bearings." Nev's being genuine, but serious. She doesn't have the relationship the other folks have with Gilbert.
She's gonna sit down next to him with the tea and whatever food we found, and put a hand on his shoulder and cast healing hands.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:06 AM
(He seems like almost a different person)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:06 AM
(Does he have fresh scars, like he was tortured?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:07 AM
(He wasn’t exactly damaged but it’s still soothing. He seems to have weakened in the ordeal. He hasn’t been eating decently and is very thin)
(No outward signs of torture)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:08 AM
(consider it a gesture of kindness haha)
"So, tell me. What chain of events led you to that tower?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:10 AM
“I’d better start at the beginning”
“I was… I was so wrong. I lost sight of what was important. I was so… fixated on making it back with something to show for my effort that I didn’t consider the safety of the people who worked for me. I know the gods have punished me. I’ve had a lot of time to think and… well in any case, let me tell you what happened”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:30 AM
“Oliver and I left the camp and headed east to Mivan’s Tower where the Zhents have their local stronghold. On the way we passed a group of Zhents on horseback, and Asger Mordelon was riding with them. The Zhent boss asked us what our business was on the road and when I told them my purpose to hire Zhent guards, Mordelon stepped forward and said I ought to hire him and the Zhents with him. I think he must have put a spell on me, looking back on it.”
“After we saw you escape through that portal, I tried to get Mordelon to clear out but he just laughed and then his jacklewere servant murdered Oliver and Mordelon teleported me to that tower and said I would stay there while I was needed.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:34 AM
"What did he need you for?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:36 AM
“He found information in the dig site. There was an ancient Mythallar there and he wanted to learn about it. I was tasked with explaining ancient Netherese arcana to him, and doing translations”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:37 AM
"So you've been there all this time. That must have been hard."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:38 AM
“Yes…”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:41 AM
"I'm sorry you had to go through that. You're safe now." She smiles. "So...did you know it was us down there outside the tower? How'd you get the message out?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:44 AM
“Yes I saw you through my window, and I thought it couldn’t be, but I couldn’t mistake Odo. I quickly scribbled the note and then I used this” He creates a mage hand. “He never found out I could do that.”
“The windows up above can only be opened from the inside. I opened the window and threw the scroll case out.” 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:32 AM
Most of Kaz’s resentment towards Gilbert has melted away after hearing his tale. “Aye, Asger’s a nightmare. I’m glad ye managed to alert us.”
She gently pushes an apple toward him. “What did you find out about the mythallar?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:43 AM
(I'm not sure I believe him. Nev's playing good cop but has suspicions. Do I have any reason to believe that the window mage hand story thing isn't the truth?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:45 AM
(You could roll insight. As far as you know the story doesn’t seem to have any obvious logical discrepancies, but you didn’t thoroughly investigate)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:47 AM
(I just know Asger is capable of some pretty heinous shit and this could all be part of his plan somehow)
(NVM, Alicia thinks that but Nevaeh does not with a seven insight)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:49 AM
(Well, a low insight roll just means you can’t get a good read, not that you have to be immediately convinced)
(You haven’t detected any signs of dishonesty)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:50 AM
Okay
(I'll wait for him to answer Kaz's question which got lost in my spam lol)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:54 AM
(Oh!)
He says: “it vanished from the site when the monsters came. But Mordelon found it, around a month ago. He has it somewhere in another plane in a place he calls a laboratory.” He hungrily bites into the apple.
“I’ve been translating some preserved old texts from their portal construction workshop (chew chew chew) it’s very interesting. They had some sort of supposedly infinite power source called “Exilicor”. It was somehow able to allow the mythallar to manipulate the structure of the cosmic boundaries to create gaping holes between different planes of existence in ways that can’t normally happen. (Chew chew) I didn’t have all of the details. but Mordelon seemed to already expect that it could do that.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:04 AM
Kaz winces when Gilbert mentions Exilicor. “Is that what he wants to do with it? Create portals to other planes?” 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:09 AM
“He has been trying to make it work, but he can’t, and he’s been frightfully angry and even crazed … one time last tenday he said if I didn’t figure out what “endopotentiation” means he would kill me by… (his face goes pale)… I thought I was done for. I thought of using my mage hand to try to escape and hurl myself out of the window. But when I thought about landing in the razor vine I couldn’t do it…” 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:12 AM
Her hand rests on top of the bag of holding, almost protectively. She doesn’t look down at the bag, instead holding Gilbert’s gaze and giving him a reassuring smile. “You’re safe now. He won’t be able to find you with magic as long as you’re attuned to that necklace”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:14 AM
🤯
"Was he at the tower often, or were you left alone a lot? Or... did he have someone else keeping an eye on you?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:19 AM
“Since he found the mythallar he’s been gone a lot. He has some animated monster statues that live below somewhere in the tower. They bring me food and water once in a while”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:20 AM
“Do you know where his lab is located?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:21 AM
“He uses magic to transport himself there. His jacklewere servant Xerfilioc goes with him”
“I have no idea where it is”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:23 AM
(When Lana mimics Asger’s girlfriend’s voice, does Kaz recognize who it is?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:23 AM
(Does Lana do that? @Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper )
(Maybe you should ID the staff first lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:24 AM
(Yeah, Kaz will do that as she and Nev are talking to Gilbert)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:24 AM
(Lana’s like, in the corner just drooling over the staff)
(It’s called “Nekropoietes”. It seems to be a powerful staff of necromancy. I’ll drop it in Lana’s inventory)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:27 AM
Kaz walks over to Lana in the corner, taps the staff with the Rod of Understanding, then taps Lana’s head with it a few times for good measure. “Oi, Lana. When you’re done strokin’ that staff, show us what Asger’s girlfriend sounded like so we can help you identify her”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:28 AM

Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:29 AM
Fancy
Maybe while they're sitting there Nev will be putting together the splint armor. Since she's at least familiar.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:32 AM
(Yeah that’s adamantine splint armor. If you wear it, you cannot be critically hit; you don’t need an ID cause it’s not technically magic, it’s just really really hard)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:34 AM
Kaz studies the splint mail as she returns to the table. “Y’know, I bet Marla could enchant that for ye. Maybe even transfer the enchantment over from your current armor?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:34 AM
"That would be nice."
(what color is this armor? For some reason I assumed adamantine was black)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:40 AM
(Jet black but it looks slightly purple white under magical light)
(You could presumably have it color-enchanted if you wanted to)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:42 AM
She sits down at the table again. “Gilbert, d’you know what Asger wanted to do with the mythallar?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:43 AM
“Not really no, I’m sorry, he never talked about it. I assume he wanted to create large stable portals between planes for some reason.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:44 AM
"Large. Like, to quickly get an army through… large?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:45 AM
Kaz nods, looking pale. “But he needed this ‘endopotentiation’ to do it?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:45 AM
His eyes widen and he just blinks and shrugs.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 5:23 PM
(Smutlana is still transfixed with Nekro staff, but starts cooing from the corner) 
Azzzzzzy… come on, Azzy? Won’t you come home, Azzy?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:28 PM
Kaz cringes “Oh gods, ‘Azzy’ is goin’ ta haunt my nightmares”
(Do I recognize the voice?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 5:41 PM
"Azzy. Someone close I guess."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:45 PM
When you all hear the voice, you immediately think back to the sensorium memory that Fredryk showed you: “Bring him to me!”…
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:49 PM
“Blech. Well, that explains why his tower is so close to hers. Her expression turns grave. “So Asger, this Shar priestess, the Black Rings, and Gratz are all connected to each other in one way or another. That’s… a lot more than we can handle by ourselves”
“We’ll definitely need to work with the Watchful Voyagers. I’m not ready to tell them everythin’ just yet,” and I’ll be keepin’ the bit about the Conduit and endopotentiation to just us for now, you all hear telepathically, “but I trust them a lot more after today.” 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:53 PM
Gilbert says “Shar priestess…?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:53 PM
She shudders. “His girlfriend, apparently”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:55 PM
His eyebrow crumple quizzically “I wouldn’t have thought she was a priestess of anything”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:55 PM
Kaz raises an eyebrow, genuinely curious. “Oh? Why not?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:58 PM
“She seemed, I don’t know, she just didn’t seem clerical” you can tell he’s having difficulty finding words to explain his impression
“I only saw her a few times, but I heard them… through the floor”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:59 PM
“I suppose Shar’s followers are more… cult-like than clerical”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:59 PM
“I never saw any holy symbols, only jewelry”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:00 PM
She pulls a face when Gilbert mentions hearing Asger and his girlfriend. 
“Hm. What did she dress in?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:05 PM
“Well, mostly, er, uh, I mean to say, her garments were rather sparse, and, er, unladylike…”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:05 PM
Kaz looks like she immensely regrets asking, but keeps going. “Purple and black?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:06 PM
“No”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:07 PM
“Maybe not a Shar cultist then? But then what about the one Branaris was huntin’…?” She trails off pensively. “What do you lot think?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:38 PM
"Was she human? The scantily clad woman."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:40 PM
“No, er she looked mostly human but she had horns, and wings” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:43 PM
"What.... what color was her Skin?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:43 PM
"Gray"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:47 PM
The blood drains from Nevaeh's face
(Could this be the woman from Nev's Eladrin vision?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:49 PM
(the description fits)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:50 PM
"Did she have wings, or maybe they could have been hidden?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:51 PM
"Yes, kind of leathery bat wings, coming from her back, but folded up behind her"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:55 PM
Nev calmly leaves the table, walks up to her room, shuts the door, sits down on her bed, grabs a pillow, and screams into it a few times. Then she puts the pillow back in its place, runs her fingers through her red hair and comes back down to the table.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:02 PM
Kaz sits at the table, utterly stunned.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:02 PM
"Sorry, that was rude of me to leave like that. Please, tell me anything else you know about her. Perhaps any company she'd bring with her on visits?" In her mind, she thinks "So my dad was looking for her, and instead she found him...and now she's spending her time with Asger right across the street."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:05 PM
(by the way, having seen the Shar priestess and the gray-skinned woman, they are def different people, assuming those were true forms)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:06 PM
(did the head on Asger's floating warship match any of Gratz's imagery?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:07 PM
(not exactly, it seemed more generic)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:09 PM
She grabs the jewelled heart locket and opens it, hoping that Asger or his sweetheart have put their names inside.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:10 PM
Indeed, you see a tiny portrait of the gray-skinned woman. Above and below something is written in abyssal.
(This is the fiendish woman Nev saw in her vision on mount Whrith)
(The locket portrait, though small, appears to match)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:11 PM
"Oh, he can probably read it." She points to Gilbert.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:13 PM
She passes the locket to Gilbert. "What's it say? And do you know anythin' else about her?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:19 PM
"She had a body guard, a hulking demon with 6 arms"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:23 PM
Which she apparently sleeps with as well Kaz mutters telepathically. You get the sense she's trying to stop thinking about her enemies having sex and isn't having much luck.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:24 PM
(More than just a bodyguard)
"Did the bodyguard ever speak?"
(Well we were just invited to an orgy after all)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:25 PM
"Uh, er, yes, she, er it had a deep voice... I was terrified, its power was, immense, I think even Mordelon quailed around it a bit."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:30 PM
“Oh thank you for noticing. I… don’t get much credit for the work I do. All they see is the death, no one has the patience or foresight to wait for the rebirth part. But when it happens they think it came from life itself, when really it came from the death of something else. What can I call you?” Smutlana is clearly flattered by something the staff said and is now engaged in some kind of convo.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:31 PM
(speaking of lovers)
"Out of just...morbid curiosity...did you ever see anybody around with golden hair?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:34 PM
He glances at yours. "No, but I rarely saw anyone at all"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:35 PM
“Oh wow, ‘death maker’ vibes huh? I’m sure you’ve gotten a bad rap over the years.”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:36 PM
Gilbert looks over at Smutlana with a bit of an alarmed expression.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:37 PM
(as an aside, can we assume that the hair dye is something similar to a chalk or powdered flowers and will wash out easily?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:38 PM
(yes)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:38 PM
"You get used to it." She looks over to Lana and back to Gilbert.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:38 PM
“Hey Dr. G, where did you find Nekropoietes?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:39 PM
(he's seen you before with gold hair, which is why he likely glanced at your hair)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:40 PM
(yeah, probably still some gold coming through anyways.)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:40 PM
To Smutlana he says "What?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:42 PM
“The staff… how did you happen upon it?”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:43 PM
"It’s been displayed on the wall in Mordelon's tower since I was first imprisoned there" 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:45 PM
Odo's eyes are wide, as he tries to look dishevelled and intimidating.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:45 PM
Kaz looks worriedly at the staff. "...I'm not the one talkin' to Lana. Just in case anyone was wonderin'"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:45 PM
(Who's Odo intimidating? lol)
"Wait, is the staff actually talking to you, Lana?"
(Would Nev be able to tell if there was bad juju coming from the staff?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:47 PM
“Yes, but not in full conversation. It just kinda says phrases intermittently.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:48 PM
(Smutlana would be receptive to a juju check)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:48 PM
"...Phrases like what?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:53 PM
“Oh you know, just a little flattery here and there. Nothing weird.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:54 PM
Kaz turns to face Lana more fully. "No, Lana, havin' somethin' talkin' to you in your head is very weird. I'd know"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:58 PM
“Nothing creepier than the shit I typically say, that’s for sure.” Smutlana turns to the staff and gives a little nod and turns back to Kaz with a grin. “So did you get to have a convo with the wand?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:59 PM
She looks at the bone wand with trepidation. "Does it talk too?" 
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:59 PM
“Let’s get Nevaeh fitted into the splint and see if that talks too!”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:59 PM
"Maybe I should give everything a once over before we start wearing it...or using it."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:59 PM
“Only one way to find out.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:00 AM
Kaz passes the wand to Nevaeh with Mage Hand, clearly unwilling to touch it.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 12:01 AM
“Well the staff is fine. I’ll definitely be keeping Neky here to myself, however it turns out.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:02 AM
(I'll wait to figure out what kinda rolls we need to know if this shit is cursed or not)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:04 AM
(well, I would say, first just make a religion check)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:04 AM
(dirty 20)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:05 AM
(Curses are always made to be hidden. None of the magic you have can have any certainty of revealing one except probably divine intervention, but legend lore might give some indication) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:12 AM
(Oo that's a spendy one, okay.)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 12:06 AM
Odo loses it slightly, lunging at Gilbert, picking him from under his armpits, pinning him back up against the wall. (23 for athletics, 17 for intimidation). Odo's nose bleeds profusely and eyes twitch.
“Gilbert you low-life maggot underneath a pair of boots. You think you can make friends with everyone?! You think I would just forget?! Forget how you left Fort Gilbert in shambles, forget how I'm damn sure you were selling relics from the mines at Fort Gilbert on the black market!” Odo's eyebrows raise even higher. “HOW YOU LED TO THE DEATH OF OUR DEAR FRIEND LYSIGEL?!”
He slams a free hand into the wall near Gilbert's ear. Odo's voice gets louder, snarling a bit.
"YOU, GILBERT, HAVE ACTED AS THAT THERE FUEL TO THE FIRE! LIKE STICKS AND TINDER! YOU! You and Oliver, obsessed with greed, and filled with utter incompetence, are solely responsible for all of the demise of Fort Gilbert, the conflict with the Bognar Claw Of Luthic Orcs, and all those that surround Rosaradrath!!!"
"YOUR ACTIONS, GILBERT, CAUSED THE DEATHS OF MANY!!! LADY THEOLONA RIDELL, THE GRIMLAY BROTHERS, BRIGIDA, CLARISHA TALAVEER, CASSIE LOGERETT AND SO SO MANY MORE" 
Odo visibly loosing it but also venting 
"YOU’RE A WORTHLESS EXCUSE FOR A HUMAN AND YOU BEST BE DAMN LUCKY, GILBERT, THAT I SEEK TO MAKE YOU PAY FOR YOUR CRIMES WITH DUE JUSTICE BY LAW IN WATERDEEP.  FOR SIR GONDRIAN AND MY FATHER WOULD SAY THE SAME THING ABOUT YOUR PATHETIC CORN HUSK BODY THAT HOUSES A LIFE WORTH LESS THAN THE DIRT ON MY BOOTS" 
Odo drops Gilbert and storms off downstairs to check on Willow.
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:07 AM
(oh goodness)
Gilbert cowers in terror, shields his face with his arms reflexively, whimpers a bit, and begs, "I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry please don't hurt me I'm sorry"
He keeps repeating it after Odo is gone
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:11 AM
"Odo!" Kaz snaps, visibly frustrated. Once Odo has left the room, she turns to reassure Gilbert. "It's alright. He won't hurt you. We'll keep you safe."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:11 AM
Eyes wide, Nev puts down the armor and rushes over to Gilbert, leaning down she says "I expect that's the best way this could have ended." She helps him up.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:12 AM
Kaz sighs, her ire draining. "I'd imagine so" she says softly
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:12 AM
(can I make some kind of check to calm Gilbert down?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:13 AM
(Hopefully we've been nice enough to him that he'll settle down, but he does seem a bit....shell shocked)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:14 AM
He calms down and looks frustrated with himself for totally losing it.
You can see clear echos of trauma.  He's still visibly shaking.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:16 AM
She pats Gilbert reassuringly on the shoulder. Deciding to hold off on the questioning while he collects himself, she starts casting Detect Magic to look over the items.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:19 AM
Nev will use thaumaturgy to turn the fire in the fireplace, that I assume is always going, to a calming sky blue color. She's also just staring at it lost in thought for a bit.
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:19 AM
"The rabbitfolk, er, Lysegial, he was with Mordelon when I passed his party of Zhents on the road. He wasn't tied up or anything... I ...looking back I think he must have been ensorcelled somehow, to follow Mordelon's commands" 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:22 AM
Kaz sighs again. "Odo... he took Lysegial's death the hardest of all of us. I think, perhaps, he's angry that he couldn't protect them. But we all know Asger was the one responsible for it."
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:27 AM
Clearly trying to regain some of his lost dignity, he reaches for the locket and looks at it. "It says 'D A R A L A' and below the portrait, it says 'my desire'. There is no word for 'love' in the Abyssal language, but this could also be translated as 'my love' perhaps?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:28 AM
She smiles and nods. "Thanks. Any little detail might be key"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:29 AM
"Darla..."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:31 AM
"Darala" Kaz corrects automatically. Nev gathers that Kaz's academic habits haven't quite faded during their adventures.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:32 AM
"Da..rala...right."
(Nev never had any lol)
(What time is it?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:33 AM
(evening) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:34 AM
(Too late for Nev to visit the temple and get all the abyssal ick off herself?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:35 AM
(no it's open at night for sure)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:36 AM
"Gilbert, care to accompany me to the temple? Perhaps some atonement will put your mind at ease tonight." She's got her hand out and not REALLY asking him
John Dungeon Master — Today at 8:23 PM
(So, before I pick up with the WV members appearing, have any of you looked at any of the other things you took from the tower prior to this?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:24 PM
(Kaz would be poring over all the notes, but she would've cast Detect Magic to get a better idea of what kind of magic was on some of the items)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 8:24 PM
Ok
(One sec)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 8:48 PM
(The papers on Asger’s desk contain some random notes you can’t make sense of like generic arithmetic and such but you do find a place where he is musing about what could power the mythallar “a spell, a power gem? Some ancient being? a god? A dead god?” Then it goes into reasons why a dead god could or might not be the power source. Finally there are notes pondering the endopotentiation chamber. “What was the metal disc? What was on the pedestal clamp? What was the shaft for?”) 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:49 PM
(does he draw a conclusion about the "dead god" part of his theory?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 8:49 PM
(It kind of trails off into outlandish speculation)
The bone wand is a sturdy arcane focus, but doesn’t appear to be enchanted.
The brooch is magical and has an aura of abjuration magic
That’s it for magic items except for the potions you got
Plus the staff and the Adamantine splint armor
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:56 PM
(Kaz would have relayed all that information to the rest of the party)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 8:56 PM
(Did anyone look at the “notes on shitheads” book?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:56 PM
(Kaz probably did while she was looking at the rest of the notes)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 8:57 PM
(Ok, you see that it seems to be notes on each member of your party)
(Odo is listed first. All his family members’ names are listed. The address of their town house in Waterdeep is there, there’s a map and description of the falcon’s roost manor)
(There’s a note saying “Falconspurs -> are the rumors true?”)
Under that this is written but a line is drawn through it striking it out: “could probably find out through the diplomatic channels. Could ask D or the boss?”
Then below that, this is written without a line through it: “best deal with this alone!”
(There are notes about entrances to the Falcon’s Roost and numbers of guards etc.)
(A new section starts) “Kazma Talfen”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:04 PM
(Y I K E S)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:05 PM
“A student of Davor Tinkerreach (author of several scholarly works in cosmology) who most likely sent shitheads on trail of mythallar” 
“Erudir Talfen”
“Living in a wood elf tree city”
“Most likely High Forest. Need to locate”
(There are notes about visual cues from the city that might be used to distinguish it)
(There are notes about Silverymoon and Kaz’s history on the campus)
(A new section) “Unknown Selunite”
“Probably from Waterdeep. Could probably ask around there about a cleric traveling with Odo Falconspur. Would be a risk though” (last sentence there is underlined)
(Various notes about Nev’s appearance etc. but no conclusions are drawn)
(Finally, there are just a couple lines on an otherwise blank page): “Dirty Kenku, looked like he belonged to queen Z. Why was X sniffing its feathers so much afterward?? Who the fuck is it?” 
***ok done, sorry for the spam wall
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:16 PM
(nah, this is perfect, thank you! Kaz would cast Sending to Ildar to warn him about Asger and which visual cues he could use to identify the village)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 9:17 PM
(Ok)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:36 AM
At that point, three Watchful Voyagers appear suddenly in your living room.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 9:33 AM
Nev freezes from standing up at the table, hand still outstretched. "Hello, welcome in."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:21 PM
Kaz looks up from writing 'Darala' in her journal. “Ah, hello. Thank you for getting us in and out of there.” She studies the three Watchful Voyagers. “Did you all make it out alright?”
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 10:57 PM
You notice that it's not the same three. Torbold and Ganth are there but you also see the huge herculean-looking woman who once told Odo to "read the room".
They are looking at Gilbert.
Torbold says: "Hello everyone! well done today"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/24/2023 11:01 PM
(OOC: EMMALOT?!?!)
Odo is of course downstairs helping Willow with the dirt, yeast and fungi things due to loosing his temper earlier 😅🤣
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:02 PM
(It's not Emmalot, this is the even larger one who told you off for saying something that pissed off Emmalot and caused her to storm out of the room)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/24/2023 11:03 PM
(Melei???)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/24/2023 11:06 PM
(spicy)
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:06 PM
(yes, Meilli)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:07 PM
Kaz smiles. "Thank you. A fine job yourselves"
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:07 PM
She has a guarded look on her face as she surveys the room and the people
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/24/2023 11:09 PM
She waves. “Welcome, please have a seat.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:09 PM
She notices Meilli's expression, and somewhat apologetically tries to set her at ease. "Would any of ye like somethin' to eat?"
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:10 PM
They pull out chairs. Meilli shows no interest in sitting down. You see she has a axe on her belt that most warriors would probably wear strapped to their backs.
Torbold says cheerfully: "Oh no, thank you I've just eaten"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/24/2023 11:11 PM
(Does Gilbert have any particular reaction to these folks walking in?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:12 PM
He's just looking wide eyed.
Ganth says, pointing to Gilbert: "Is this the acquaintance you retrieved from the Tower?"
Gilbert is also looking at you with a questioning expression, as if to say "who are they?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:17 PM
Kaz nods. "This is Gilbert Orenson. Gilbert, this is Torbold, Ganth, and..." she seems to struggle with the name for a moment, "...Meilli?"
"They're friends of ours"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/24/2023 11:19 PM
"I'll see about getting a few more cups." Nev runs off to the kitchen to find Eudora.
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:21 PM
Torbold says: "It's nice to meet you Gilbert". He turns to you. "would you mind filling us in on what happened there, and how this unexpected rescue came to pass?"
(if you want, feel free to just note what things you want to tell them)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:29 PM
Kaz explains that Gilbert had seen the party when they'd stopped to let the armored vehicle pass by, and tossed down a note. The party realized he was trapped in the tower, and that the tower likely belonged to Asger Mordelon. They decided to save him immediately (rather than spying on the pink building first) once they realized that Asger might not be gone for long, because it was an excellent opportunity to spy on their enemy, and because it was just too much of a coincidence that Asger lived so close to where Branaris was taken.
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:31 PM
They listen carefully.
(Are you telling them anything about what you discovered from the stuff you took?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/24/2023 11:38 PM
Coming back with Eudora and tea, Nev adds "Perhaps the most compelling part of that story, and the reason I specifically didn't want to leave the tower unchecked, is because Selune gave me a vision of the tower. Just a few days ago." She sips her drink.
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:40 PM
Ganth’s eyebrow raises. “A vision?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/24/2023 11:40 PM
"I apologize, I know it wasn't part of the plan. But I hope you can understand."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:41 PM
Kaz nods. "Aye, that's really what tipped us off that it was worth investigatin', even before we knew who had Gilbert."
She pulls out Asger's mythallar notes and his 'notes on shitheads' book. "He's found out more about us than I'm comfortable with, but thank all the gods he hasn't made much progress with the mythallar"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/24/2023 11:42 PM
"Yes, I suppose what he knows about me most would know."
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:43 PM
Ganth says, “You’ve mentioned this mythallar before but I can’t say I fully understand what it is. Some sort of colossal magic reservoir from your world?” 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:44 PM
She nods. "Essentially, yes. This one, however, could be used to open massive, stable portals to other planes."
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:44 PM
Torbold looks at the book and looks concerned.
At that they all look up at Kaz.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:45 PM
She shifts in place under the scrutiny and murmurs, "Assumin' he gets it workin', that is"
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:48 PM
Torbold says: “So we have an demon-worshipping arcanist searching for a portal-making device. And he just so happens to live a couple of hundred feet from the place where Branaris was apparently captured.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:51 PM
She grimaces. "He's already got the portal-makin' device, unfortunately. He just can't use it."
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:53 PM
Meilli speaks up and says: “How do we know you didn’t just make up the story about your secret friend who saw Branaris get captured? Sure is convenient that it just happened to be near this place where your enemy lives.”
“And where your friend here was trapped”
Torbold says “Meilli…”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/24/2023 11:54 PM
Sheepishly, she says, "It's not as random as it seems… as the woman he described as Asger's girlfriend,” she looks towards Gilbert, “the one that was coming upon us in the tower, is the one I saw in my Eladrin vision I told you, Ganth, about before, and the one whom my source said took Branaris.” “All… the same woman”
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:55 PM
Meilli says “Well I’d just like to know” 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:55 PM
Kaz shrugs. "We didn't even know he lived there, or that Gilbert was trapped there, until we saw it ourselves. Your group had to guide us through the city because we'd never been there before, and it was sheer luck we happened to pass the tower instead of taking a different street. You're welcome to use a truth spell to confirm what I've told ye." 
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:56 PM
“I never trust those things” she says.
Ganth seems to be thinking deeply.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/24/2023 11:58 PM
"Fair enough. But as I said, we'd never been to the city before, and didn't know where that pink buildin' was located. If we knew where Asger's tower was, then we'd have known about the pink buildin' too, given that they're right next to each other, and we wouldn't have needed directions."
John Dungeon Master — 01/24/2023 11:58 PM
Meilli says: “Seems like all we have to go on is your word. What proof is there?”
“Maybe you’re telling the truth, I don’t know, but in my line of work, suspicion means survival”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 12:00 AM
"What proof do you expect? Sometimes you just need to have a little faith..."
She holds on to her necklace.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 12:00 AM
Kaz doesn't seem bothered by the request for proof. She hums, thinking, then holds out the locket. "This was the tenar'ri who captured him. We recognized her voice from our friend's vision, when she ordered Branaris brought to her. Is she familiar to ye?" 
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 12:01 AM
She leans down toward Nevaeh. “I do have faith… in this.” She pats her huge axe on her belt.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 12:04 AM
Nev leans in. "I have faith in your axe too."
"Lana, can you speak her voice again?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 12:06 AM
"The bit from our friend's memory? Where she ordered Branaris captured?" Kaz adds
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 12:07 AM
Meilli looks over at Smutlana eyeing the staff
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 12:08 AM
As the Watchful Voyagers look over at Smutlana, Kaz remarks telepathically to Nevaeh "If we truly need proof, do you think Fredryk would be willin' to lend us his sensate stone?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 12:15 AM
"Perhaps...but I have reservations"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 12:16 AM
(does Nev say that out loud?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 12:17 AM
(we're all linked right now aren't we?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 12:17 AM
(No that ended)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 12:17 AM
(otherwise that's just a look and a slight nod)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 12:18 AM
Kaz notices Nev's hesitation and nods back, content to let her suggest the idea if she's willing to do it.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 12:19 AM
(though let’s be real, it's totally possible she'd say that out loud without thinking about it lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 12:20 AM
(that's why I ask 😂 )
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 12:22 AM
(cleric burn)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 12:23 AM
(One day, someone is gonna speak to Kaz telepathically and she's gonna do the exact same thing)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 7:17 AM
Lana parrots the voice, no longer mesmerized by the staff
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 9:22 AM
Meilli says: “Torbold, I know I’m being rude, you don’t need to give me that look, but what’s that voice supposed to prove?” She looks around the room at everyone, as if waiting for someone to point out some iron-clad evidence.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 9:41 AM
Smutlana’s feathers bristle momentarily, and he taps the ground with intention as he stands up from his seat. “What’s sharper, Meilli? The edges of your blade or the tip of your tongue? Or perhaps the teeth of my spores? As your tone sharpens, my patience for it thins. Being that we all here seek Branaris’ wellbeing, then perhaps we ought to be more creative and cooperative than accusative.”
“It does no one any good to keep secrets. I suggest we bring our contact here, with their permission, where it is safe, and we discuss. This option would please the spores, does it please the rest of you?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:47 AM
Kaz looks surprised, but rolls with the suggestion. “If he agrees, then aye. If not, I’m sure we can work out somethin’ agreeable”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 9:52 AM
“There it is! Oh, the calming of the hungry spores is begun! I could hardly hear my own thoughts for all the gnashing of teeth.” Smutlana earnestly smiles and opens his arms, looking around to the rest of the room for eye-contact and agreement.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:53 AM
Kaz eyes Smutlana’s new staff, and says telepathically. “Not sure that’s the only reason you could hardly hear yourself think, Lana.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 9:57 AM
Lana’s eyes dart immediately over to Kaz, and he gives reassuring nod.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 10:02 AM
"I...suppose..."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 4:50 PM
"Can I have until tomorrow afternoon?" She looks towards Ganth and Torbold, and specifically not at angry axe lady.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/25/2023 5:18 PM
( OOC: how much time has gone by since Odo stormed off downstairs to help Willow )
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 5:19 PM
(A while, like 30 minutes)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/25/2023 5:19 PM
( ooc: kayyyy tyty )
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 5:21 PM
(What time is it at the moment?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 5:21 PM
Like 6pm
Maybe 7
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 5:23 PM
“Nevaeh, time could be of the essence here. Could we peel off now, and contact the Watchful Voyagers to meet us back here as quickly as possible tonight?”
“I’ll call the sporses and we can be off immediately.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 5:30 PM
Kaz looks confused. “Hold your sporses, Lana. Why is time of the essence?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 01/25/2023 5:35 PM
Odo's foot steps can be heard slowly heading up the stairs. The handle on the basement door starts to turn 🛞, and Odo opens the door, looking from his feet up out towards everyone. He carefully closes the door behind him. Odo briefly stares at Gilbert, then his eyes dart over to Nev and Kaz.
"...uh um sorry ‘bout earlier..." The apology is directed towards Kaz and Nev.
Odo meanders up towards where everyone is gathered, as his eyes make contact with Meleli, Odo briefly smiles but then goes back to a more sincere face.
"And uh also, didn't mean to uh interrupt any talks then done been happening – Meleli, it’s good to see ya" 
Odo just kinda hangs back leaning against the wall a bit.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 5:50 PM
Kaz nods back at Odo. “Thank ye, Odo. I appreciate the apology.” It’s clear that she doesn’t hold any hard feelings 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 5:51 PM
"We can talk about it later." It's clear she has some qualms with the physical outbursts. (lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 5:58 PM
(Valid)
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 7:49 PM
Meilli sees Odo and a look of disgust mixed with livid ire comes over her.
Torbold gets to his feet, after having listened to everyone patiently, and looks to Meilli and says: “You’re forgetting one thing Meilli, Boswell saw black rings on the Balor demons that came out of that pink palace. They can’t make that up.”
Meilli looks a bit uncomfortable. “So what? They are all over the planes as far as we know,” she says.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 8:04 PM
"We'll sync up again tomorrow? We may be able to provide more 'proof' then."
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 8:08 PM
Torbold turns to Nev and says “Oh, I already believe you, but if your friend would be willing to meet with us that would be wonderful because we might be able to learn more.”
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 8:22 PM
Ganth, standing up, says: “We don’t know for sure if the pink palace has anything to do with the black tower. But the fact that the pink palace had black rings in it is still a new discovery.”
Meilli says: “That I’ll warrant…”
Ganth says to Meilli: “The black rings have been seen in other places but you know where they’re thickest… here in Sigil, in Hellgate. I want to ponder that.” He turns to you all. “I recall you have mentioned that district to me before.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 8:33 PM
Kaz nods. “There’s been more trouble with the fiends there lately, and in the Lower Ward and Hive. We’ve heard Yugoloths preachin’ there and on other planes about a great war that’s comin’”
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 8:34 PM
“As have we” says Torbold.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 8:37 PM
"I've certainly seen my fair share of 'The End is Nigh' doomsayers," she waves around her hands like a crazy person, "but these are definitely...different. More fervent. Serious."
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 8:50 PM
Torbold says: “We’ll take our leave and wait for you to contact Ganth. We have a lot to think about… Oh one more thing. I’m afraid that this” he taps the “notes about shitheads” book, “being missing might implicate you as the perpetrators, no?”
Ganth says: “Be careful not to allow anything you took to be scryed. That’s very important when dealing with an Arcane adversary” 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 8:57 PM
Kaz nods seriously. “A lead case should prevent that, yes? Would a bag of holding have the same effect?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 9:17 PM
(that book name will make me chuckle every time) 
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 9:19 PM
Ganth says: “It should”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:26 PM
Kaz looks visibly relieved. "Good." Her gaze flicks to Torbold, sizing up whether or not she can trust him. After a moment, she reaches out to him telepathically, voice hesitant. "If what Gilbert said is true, then Asger can't create any portals with the mythallar without powerin' it up first. In the spirit of not keepin' any more secrets that could put people in danger... we have the artifact that can power it. It's hidden away, of course, and I doubt Asger knows of its existence, but I don't doubt he'll find out eventually. I'm worried that when he does realize it exists, he'll go after my old boss, Davor Tinkerreach, to find it. Is there any way to keep her safe from him?" 
(mostly she doesn't want Gilbert to overhear lol)
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 9:34 PM
He nods up at Kaz and says, “You’re a talented Mage”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:35 PM
She grips the hem of her shirt, drawing in her courage. "I'm a warlock, actually. Not a mage"
(that, she says out loud)
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 9:35 PM
“Oh?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:36 PM
She nods once.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 9:36 PM
Nev tilts her head, looking at Kaz.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:37 PM
She notices Nevaeh looking at her, and shrugs nervously. "Figured I may as well embrace it, at this point"
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 9:39 PM
Ganth: “You mean you derive your magic abilities from another being?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 9:39 PM
She smiles.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:39 PM
She nods again, opens her mouth as if to explain further, then second-guesses herself.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 9:39 PM
(That's the first time she's ever said that out loud isn't it?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:40 PM
(not quite. She said it aloud to the party, and she did explain it to her dad, but it's been very slow progress until now)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 9:45 PM
(oh right, but yeah...nice)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 9:46 PM
(😁)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 10:26 PM
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 10:27 PM
Ganth and Torbold courteously say goodbye for now, Meilli kind of grunts, and then they teleport away.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 10:30 PM
Kaz lets out a slow breath, relaxing slightly now that everything is over and done with. She glances at Gilbert to see how he's taking the news, then looks at the rest of the party. "Well, best put all this stuff in the bag until we sell it or figure out a better solution."
"And yes, Lana, that does include the staff"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 10:46 PM
“Well don’t forget Psilofyr’s shroud spores, they protect anything on our person”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 10:47 PM
"Do they? I thought they only protected us"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 10:47 PM
“So as long as we don’t put the things down and leave them somewhere, we should be good.”
“Not quite, the spores come from within us and cover the things on us.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 10:48 PM
She sighs, relieved. "In that case, keep the staff. But we should still put the rest of this stuff in the bag"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/25/2023 10:48 PM
“But this doesn’t mean we ought not to take precautions and put things in the bag of holding.”
“The armor too should be safe”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 10:51 PM
"Might be risky leavin' it at Marla's for a bit. You might want to wait a tenday or so to transfer the enchantments on your old armor, Nev"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 11:02 PM
"Yeah..." She holds the black armor up to herself. "Like the night. I can rock this for now I think."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 11:02 PM
Kaz grins. "It does have a bit of purple shimmer, too"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 11:03 PM
She sways it back and forth in front of the fire.
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 11:03 PM
(Is the fire magical?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 11:04 PM
(Well I was using thaumaturgy on it to chill out the color for a while, but I guess not now)
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 11:04 PM
(In ordinary fire light it has a bit of green iridescence)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 11:04 PM
“But I am the light, and the darkness!” She shines the light cantrip over it
(lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 11:05 PM
Kaz laughs. "That ye are."
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 11:05 PM
(That’s like shining a black light on something fluorescent, it looks purple white under the magic light)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 11:07 PM
(cool af)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 11:10 PM
(cooooool)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/25/2023 11:39 PM
“You should try it on, see how you like it”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/25/2023 11:52 PM
She looks towards Gilbert "Yeah, I will tomorrow. I'll need help fitting it I think. Got this gleaming set just the way I like it."  
"For now I think we have at least one trip to make, to the temple. I'm not sure if we can get access to the other place at the moment." (Do we know the sensation guild hours?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/25/2023 11:52 PM
(It’s open for late night carousing)
But it’s a 3 hour walk or ride away.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/26/2023 6:53 AM
(With the sporses we can get there much more quickly than walking. Alternatively, I could summon large birds and we could fly couldn’t we?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/26/2023 9:42 AM
(horses can’t really gallop through the crowded haphazard streets of Sigil so you really only get a small bump in speed. In theory you could fly but I don’t think that spell let’s you summon multiple large flying creatures)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/26/2023 9:55 AM
(I really only need 2, Nev and lana can fly)
(Or maybe Nev can’t fly that far for very long?)
John Dungeon Master — 01/26/2023 9:56 AM
(Nev can fly for 1 minute)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/26/2023 9:56 AM
(Fuck, I would need at least 3 giant X)
John Dungeon Master — 01/26/2023 9:56 AM
(Not sure you can even summon 2 large flying creatures though)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 01/26/2023 9:56 AM
(I can summon two giant eagle I think)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/26/2023 9:56 AM
Kaz rubs her eyes. “It’s gettin’ late. Why don’t we just wait until tomorrow? We don’t need proof this second”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/26/2023 10:02 AM
"I'd like to get a message to him to warn him we'll be there tomorrow." (I don't have sending prepped) "Think we can hire a courier to take something to the Guild this late?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/26/2023 10:03 AM
Kaz shrugs. “Probably. Best to use his fake name if you send that message”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/26/2023 4:47 PM
So Nev will write up a letter addressed to Kir (Kiir?) and see if Jevran can find us a courier to take it to the Sensation Guild. Does that seem feasible?
John Dungeon Master — 01/26/2023 5:22 PM
(Kyrderf was the full pseudonym)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/26/2023 5:22 PM
(Seems feasible to me)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/26/2023 10:08 PM
“‘Dearest Kyrderf, it has been too long since our last acquaintance. I hope this letter finds you in good health. I look forward to our meeting tomorrow to review the sensate I’d like to create.’ Does that sound innocent enough while also alluding to the fact I'll be there tomorrow?” Nev looks to Kaz, the wordsmith. "Help"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/26/2023 10:18 PM
Kaz walks over and studies the note. "We should say we'd like to review the sensate he showed us previously. And that we would like to bring a friend, if he's amenable." She rummages in her bag and pulls out the emerald pen. "We can hide it beneath a fake message askin' about the best areas of the guild for new members to work in, too, though it might be more suspicious if someone sees through the illusion."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/26/2023 10:23 PM
"I wasn't sure if we wanted to note he's got a sensate we want. I like the emerald pen idea though."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 01/26/2023 10:26 PM
She hums in agreement. "Let's go with your idea then, and we'll hide the message to keep it extra secure."
She glances at Gilbert, then back to the rest of the party, lowering her voice slightly. "I told Torbold about the mirror." She taps the side of her head to indicate it was a telepathic message. "I also asked him if he protect Tinkerreach. Asger's gonna find out about that thing eventually, and I don't want him comin' after her if I can avoid it. I am relieved that he won't be able to scry it's location, at least, though I doubt it'll take him long to suspect us."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 01/26/2023 11:19 PM
She nods. “Time is of the essence indeed”
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:01 PM
(Actually Lana, if you cast it at 5th level you can get 4 giant eagles)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 1:05 PM
(Oh fuuuuuuck didn’t know I could up cast!!)
(Could a medium humanoid reasonably ride a giant eagle? They’re like, 9ft tall or something right?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:08 PM
(Yes a human can ride a giant eagle. However, if you lose concentration, they disappear. If you don’t have a saddle, riding a mount can be challenging and you could fall off)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 1:09 PM
“I’d like to deliver the message ourselves. I could quickly fly over. Is that preferable?”
(We should make a note to get bird mounts made, this could make travel much easier)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:10 PM
(But then you do have to reattach the saddles every hour and if the spell ends mid flight you plummet)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 1:10 PM
(Nev could probably pull it off without a saddle cuz animal handling and all her equestrianism, plus if they are conjured?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 1:11 PM
(Like if you recast it, the spell doesn’t just refresh?)
(And you keep the same conjured animals as they are? They have to disappear and reappear?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 1:11 PM
She shrugs. “Sure. I can come along, unless you’re using your Druid abilities to fly”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 1:13 PM
“Well I could conjure some animals for us all to ride, and then just ride one myself. I think that would be easiest.”
“In the future, we would do well to buy some saddles.”
“But I think this could do in a pinch. These animals will be easier to ride as they are under my command.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 1:25 PM
She nods. “That’s a relief. How long will it take us to fly to the Sensate Guild?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 1:26 PM
“If it’s three hours by foot, I imagine well less than that by direct flight.”
(Roll survival to estimate time?)
(Because, I dunno, paths and tracking and… stuff like that?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 2:38 PM
(will we get shot down or is it normal for this to happen in sigil? lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:31 PM
(We definitely saw some people on a flying carpet getting a tour in our early days here, and Lana has been practicing flying with the draconic spirit, so I think it should be fine)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 4:05 PM
(Just think the subway in NYC)
