    • Foeslayer drops his musket and tries to pull Nev out of the Jelly’s Belly. He succeeds, but the Voidmaw simply engulfs her and the rest of the party again, then Voidblinks into the center of the chasm. Lana Polymorphs into a brontosaurus (bronto-spore-us), which is so large that the Voidmaw immediately drops it onto the crystals in the cavern below.
    • Kaz Dimension Doors out of the Voidmaw with Nevaeh. Foeslayer opens his eyes in the belly of the beast, burning his eyes badly as he reaches out to grab his cousin’s axe and take a couple swings.
        ◦ The axe has a silvery haft and a triangular yellow crystal blade with strange pulsing runes etched on it
    • Kaz and Nev resume blasting the Voidmaw apart, while Foeslayer, Odo, and Lana keep each other up and attack when they can. The Voidmaw tries to flee into Wildspace, weakening despite its regenerative ability, and Nevaeh pops it with her Moon’s Hand mace. Many glittering items fall down with its corpse, the remains of things it couldn’t digest.
        ◦ 1000gp worth of gems
        ◦ 7000gp coins (140lbs)
        ◦ Set of 6 damaged “fish suits” that fully enclose the person wearing them, allow one to breathe in Wildspace or underwater. We leave them with the Starglimmer for repairs.
            ▪ any sizeable body in Wildspace produces its own air envelope. We, however, are in the Astral Plane, so we don’t need to breathe at all.
        ◦ 5,000gp worth of jewellry
            ▪ Mithral tiara encrusted with a row of sparkling diamonds (which Kaz took)
            ▪ Gold brooch shaped like a dragon, set with emeralds for eyes
            ▪ Intricate platinum pendant with a large, central star sapphire surrounded by smaller amethysts (which Kaz took)
            ▪ Mithral hairpin adorned with a cluster of peridots
        ◦ spellbook with magical residue that protected it from being dissolved (common magic item), has some ritual spells (Identify 1st, Unseen Servant 1st, Phantom Steed 3rd)
            ▪ (can’t inscribe Identify until I acquire more rare ink worth 50gp)
    • Foeslayer presents the axe to Odo, as promised. Odo offers it back, so that Foeslayer can have something to remember his cousin Graff by, but Lana smiles charmingly and shoves it back into Odo’s hands. Foeslayer found as many corroded relics of his cousin’s crew as he could, and is in a great mood as we all returned to the Starglimmer.
    • We spend the next few days resting and enjoying our spoils as we return to Wildspace. Smutlana meditates more with her spores to gain a better rapport with them. Kaz copies down her new ritual spells with the rest of her rare ink. Odo helps out around the ship and hangs out with Foeslayer and Lana.
        ◦ Odo drops in on Kaz while she’s copying down spells and asks how Tinkerreach and Zeferio are doing. Kaz relays that Tinkerreach is alive, but doesn’t want help, and that she doesn’t know Zeferio well enough to contact him with Sending. The two resolve to try to find him the next time they’re on the Prime Material plane, then decide to go swimming in the meantime.
    • Nev sleep-casts Etherealness, wakes up around 2am, assumes she’s dreaming, and goes on an adventure through the ship. She walks through the wall directly into Kaz’s room, where Kaz has fallen asleep playing dress-up. She’s wearing her new tiara and the dress she got from Lady Renalia. Her cloak is richly embroidered with strange symbols, and her dark shard amulet is around her neck. Nev tries to tuck her into bed, but her hands go through the covers. She moves on to Lana’s room and finds Lana in her new sleeping position – curled up in a ball, looking like a mushroom. She finds Odo in his room, lying in a nest of clothes. He’s filled his two buckets with toilet water, and keeps one beside him and the other beside the toilet. Nev takes a tour of the whole ship, most of which is empty, then makes her way to the Captain’s cabin. It’s fairly sparse, with a few moving boxes around the room and several trinkets from his planar adventures placed on shelves. It’s clear that he’s been all over the planes. He also has a framed diploma from the Academy of Celestian, waiting to be hung on the wall. Eventually, she heads back to her room and falls asleep again, letting the spell drop. She realizes the following morning that 
    • Nev invites the Captain to have a private dinner with her on their last night aboard the ship, which he accepts. She runs her invite by Kaz before she sends it, which leads Kaz to spend time after her own dinner enchanting the centerpiece of their table with a Magic Mouth spell so that it plays a tinkling song. It jumpscares them both when they sit down. Nev buries her face in her hands and Cloudsilver laughs out loud. He asks her questions about herself throughout the dinner, and things seem to go well, but when she asks him if he’d like to dance with her at the end of the meal (without music, since Kaz’s spell ran out after ten minutes), he awkwardly lets her down and scurries back to the Bridge. She can’t pick up on what’s going on in his head.
    • We dock in Marvinia and portal back to Sigil. On our way through one of Lady Renalia’s guarded intracity portals, the guards stop us and hand us a message from Lanessia Tireth. It says: “A tunnel has been added to your residence from this building. The guards will show you how to access it so you don’t have to be seen outside.” We go through the tunnel and jumpscare Willow as we emerge into our basement.
    • We take some downtime in the city to stock up on supplies. Odo visits Fel to get his tattoo and to try to convince him to get a beer with him. Fel smiles and doesn’t respond to the offer for beer, but does give Odo his requested tattoo – an enormous chestpiece of Odo’s werebear family, and humanoid family and friends (including the party).
        ◦ We learn that Fel can craft other magical tattoos, but they’re more costly and time-consuming
    • We get our portrait from Mari, and it’s really good! She also mentions that the Moon Revel is in two days, which coincides with Liar’s Night (a celebration of the god Mask, god of illusion and mysteriousness, in which most people dress in costume).
    • We go to meet with Lady Renalia at her summons. She asks a few questions about our trip before getting down to business. She explains that she’s been making lots of inquiries about everything we’ve told her, and...
        ◦ She’s heard from her drow friends in the Underdark that there is indeed a rumor that a large number of demons have been summoned, but no one has actually seen any demons yet. There’s still a lingering chaotic evil presence, so they don’t seem to be dead. Some of her sources are claiming that the bloodwar has spilled into Faerun, but she’s unsure
        ◦ It appears that the bloodwar has restarted, with a huge battle fought on the Field of Nettles in Hades between demons and devils, but she doesn’t have more detailed information and isn’t sure what to think
        ◦ Her normal clients on the demonic side of the bloodwar have gone silent, but the devils have reached out and requested shipments of weapons to hold off the demon onslaught. The last demonic contact was right before the Utmo summoning we witnessed.
        ◦ She talked to her friend Yunethra Pacifera (a titan who’s even wealthier than Lady Renalia herself, and is a well-connected individual in Sigil for Good individuals). She’s called for a conference among other good-aligned groups to discuss developments, but also to calm infighting among the groups.
    • Lady Renalia requests that we attend the conference and recruit allies among the mortals to help us. Normally she’d recruit celestials, but she’s being cautious since we’ve told her that celestials are corrupted. She also believes we could convince Yunethra to help us, though she admits that Yunethra is also a celestial even if she never goes anywhere and might not be corrupted.
        ◦ Note: ask WV for info about Yunethra and if she could be corrupted
    • 10th of Uktar is when conference begins. Lady Renalia says that she’ll be taking her own cruise on the Starglimmer while she waits for the conference (starting on the 1st, it’s currently the evening of the 28th. She’ll return on the 9th of Utkar). She invites us to go with her, and we agree gladly. Lady Renalia also reassures Nev that the Captain has a difficult past, which can sometimes make relationships hard for him.
    • Recently, there have been cases of vandalism in the Lady’s Ward. Lady Renalia has taken the precaution of gating off our neighborhood, which some people are upset about. The vandals are writing slogans opposed to the rich in the part of the Lady’s Ward where nobles live, though none have been around Lady Renalia specifically.
    • We return home for the evening. Odo and Lana head to the Sensate guild to record their experiences with the Voidmaw. They invite Kaz and Nev along as well. The Sensate guild members are very excited to hear about our unique experience, and gladly give us a delux sensoriate room to record it.
        ◦ We’re also given the use of the room to view any sensate stones we want. Lana views some t-rexes and tries to Polymorph into one, only to realize she has to see the animal in person to do so. Nev watches people on a successful date to do some research. Odo and Kaz look up Shar cult rituals and the Aravandar, respectively, but can’t find anything.
    • Nev casts Sending to Khim and tells her a bit about the recent cruise, and Khim is suitably impressed. Khim says that Tammy is still out on her trip. She also says “I’ve been practicing trying to use the Sending spell!” Nev also contacts Othar and gets the response “Done searching through the rubble, starting to plan on rebuilding”
        ◦ She considers also contacting Fredryk, who is holed up in Arborea
    • Kaz casts Sending to Angela and to her dad to check in and share a bit of her adventures, and learns they’re both doing well. She also casts Contact Other Plane to speak to Exilicor (they seem to have gotten a little better at telepathically communicating in a way Kaz can understand)
        ◦ “Are you still doing okay?”: yes
        ◦ She asks to keep spying on Asger, but Exilicor responds “I can’t. It doesn’t work.”
        ◦ “Is it recent that connecting with the mythallar stopped working?”: “This… first time”
        ◦ Is the mythallar still being used, or draining you?”: no
        ◦ “Have you heard of the Aravandar?”: (sense of cluelessness)
    • We rest for the evening. Priestess Asara returns from her honeymoon and comes to say hi the next morning. She doesn’t seem to know about the attack that occurred minutes after she and her husband left Lady Renalia’s estate, and neither Kaz nor Nev informs her.
    • We get a little downtime before the Moon Revel. Nev buys herself a new outfit. Kaz does research on the Aravandar (the library doesn’t have much information on specific Prime worlds) and on all the major good planar organizations invited to attend the peace conference. Lana does a mushroom harvest and makes a dose of Demonsbane poison (6d6 damage to demons, contact poison)
    • Lady Renalia and her friends attend the Moon Revel at the Chapel of Our Lady of Silver. We’re also joined by Lyra worshippers (goddess of pleasure), Priestess Asara’s brother and his family, and some of our neighbors. Kaz leads the party to the dance floor. Nev pours a milk libation over the altar and once again, it turns to Moonfire and spirals around Nevaeh. Kaz claps excitedly. Odo excitedly chokes on his hors d'oeuvres. Nev can tell that she’s received a charm (her wisdom rises to 22 (+6) for the next 40 days until the next full moon).
    • Lady Renalia introduces us to her entourage, most of whom will accompany us on the cruise the following day. In particular, she’s VERY close with her friend Milica.
        ◦ Milica has a niece Eloudra Efrione (married to Lady R’s second in command of security). They’re all drow.
    • We arrive to the cruise. Lady Renalia is there along with her friends and two teenage drow ladies-in-waiting (who are like family to her). Jevrin is also there, and he looks terrified and over his head.
    • Lady Renalia wants to visit the Planet of Garden, located on the outer part of the Toril system. It’s a bunch of asteroids held together by the roots of a giant plant known as Yggdrasil’s Child (though it’s unknown if it’s actually related to Yggdrasil). 
    • On the first evening of our trip, Lady R assigns everyone seats at dinner. She also invites the Captain to dinner, and coyly sits him beside Nevaeh. Milica and Eloudra ask us lots of lighthearted questions and generally seem like inquisitive, pleasant company. Kaz learns that Milica and Lady Renalia have known each other for over 100 years, and that she and her friends are all from Faerun. Milica says they “all owe a great debt to their protector” and gestures to Lady Renalia, who genially waves her off. 
        ◦ Lady R’s friends were all born in the Lolthian drow society, and converted to Eilistraee’s worship later on. Lady Renalia helped guide them to the surface to worship under the open sky. Then, Lady Renalia moved over to Sigil and got into business, it went well for her, and the others got to ride alongside with her success.
    • We delight in our trip, particularly in playing around on the asteroids around the Planet of Garden. Lana and Nev practice having Nev ride Lana’s spore dragon form on one. Kaz summons her Phantom Steed on another and has Nev give her riding lessons.
        ◦ Kaz names her horse "Tal Guenhyvar" (which means "Swift Shadow" according to an online 5e Elvish translator I found), but she just calls it "Tal" for short
    • Odo practices some more emergency procedures on the ship, since he wants to be prepared if shit hits the fan. He talks with the weapons master, who shows him the weapons locker with magic ballisae.
    • We name the tressym Valentina (after Valentina Tereshkova, the first woman in space)


To Do:
More riding lessons with Nev!! Need to be proficient



Text RP
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 9:53 PM
Kaz dismounts from Tal as the spectral steed starts to fade, groaning a little as she stretches her legs. “I can see why you like ridin’ so much, Nev, but damn does it get sore after a while”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/24/2023 9:55 PM
"Never hear the end of it from Jandar all the time."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 9:57 PM
“Oh I bet. He probably spends more time on horseback in a week than I’ve spent in a year”
She smiles softly. “How is he, by the way? Feelin’ better after everything?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/24/2023 10:14 PM
"Been hearing he's alright but I mean... Just like I have to live with not being able to bring everyone back, he has to live with being the only one brought back. I think he's just keeping busy."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 10:31 PM
She bumps Nevaeh’s shoulder with her own. “You did what you could, and so did he. There’s no shame in bein’ the one to come back”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/24/2023 10:38 PM
Nev bumps Kaz back "Yeah, I just try not to think about it. Doesn't do much good. I have my friend back and… he'll do good with this second chance."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 10:52 PM
“He will.” She gazed out across the asteroid’s still surface, searching for a lighter conversation topic. “…How big d’you think something needs to be before it gets its own air envelope?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/24/2023 10:54 PM
"My educated opinion is REAL big."
She spreads out her arms "Like at least three times this"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 10:55 PM
Kaz laughs out loud. “Oh certainly. Maybe even four times that size” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/24/2023 10:58 PM
"Definitely"
"Hey so something happened when we were on the ship last time. I haven't had a chance to mention it yet but… I had this crazy dream that I was walking around the ship and like, it looked weird. Different. Like, I could walk through the walls? It felt real, like really real." 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 11:04 PM
“Huh.” Kaz turns to face Nev, interested. “That sounds like a fun dream. Did you get to see anything cool, or talk to anyone?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/24/2023 11:11 PM
"No, actually. It was really quiet. I checked in on you first… I thought if anybody would notice it would be you. But like… you were just asleep? In your clothes." She chuckles "Do you sleep in your dress clothes?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 11:34 PM
Kaz looks a bit taken aback. “…not typically, but I fell asleep in the middle of… well… playing a bit of dress-up a few nights ago” 
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/24/2023 11:36 PM
Smutlana swoops down off her dragon, Amanita, to join the other riders “What’s this I hear about sleepwalking? Or was it dreamwalking…?”
(Nita for short)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 11:41 PM
(Amanita, nice)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/24/2023 11:42 PM
"Uh… mmm… I'm thinking maybe it wasn't a dream after all." Nev will tell Lana what she told Kaz.
Nev will explain the outfit Kaz was wearing in her dream. "Is that what you were wearing that night?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/24/2023 11:51 PM
She nods, blushing a little. “…I wanted to try on all my fanciest clothes and jewelry at the same time”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/24/2023 11:53 PM
"Hey, you can try on any of my clothes any time. We'll throw our own parties."
"So...if it wasn't a dream then, what was going on? It's like...like being a ghost."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 12:54 PM
(Can we run some questions by Lady R in this chat this week? We had more lingering questions about the meeting that's going to happen. This is directed at John since it was mentioned last week that we might need to wind down the RP chat some) :BlobCatPat:
John Dungeon Master — 04/25/2023 12:55 PM
Sure
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 6:32 PM
Kaz hums thoughtfully. "Well... based on your description it sounds like you were in the Border Ethereal. Powerful spellcasters can reach the Ethereal using a Planeshift spell or with a spell called Etherealness. I only know the basic theory behind Etherealness though, so I couldn't send us there and ask if you recognized it"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 6:35 PM
“I don't know a lot about the Ethereal plane but I guess that would make sense. I didn't see anybody outside of folks on the ship while I was there, so I guess that's a good thing. Are there monsters there?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 6:41 PM
"I don't think there's anything that lives in the Border Ethereal, but you might come across others traveling through. I have no idea whether or not they'd try to harm you though, so be careful if you find yourself back there with somethin' else"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 6:43 PM
"If you leave something there, like a stone or something, would it stay there until someone else picked it up? Or… hm… can you even do that?"
"I didn't try before, I just noticed I couldn't really touch things."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 6:48 PM
"I'm not sure. If you'd used a Planeshift spell, then of course anything you left behind would stay where it was left, but magic is tricky. I'd say don't test it with anything you're not willing to lose."
She nods. "Aye, you're technically in a mirror plane to the Prime Material when you're in the Border Ethereal, so you wouldn't be able to touch anything in the Prime plane while you're there"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 6:52 PM
"I'm gonna work on it more the next couple of days then. Get familiar and comfortable with it, surely I can do it when I'm awake if I can do it when I'm sleeping. Or well...I guess I was awake then too. I won't spy on you guys again though, promise."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 6:54 PM
Kaz looks excited. "Oh! If you manage it, would you please take a few notes and measurements for me?" She gives Nev a brief summary of what she wants to know and how to collect the information. 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 6:55 PM
"Well, that'll be a good test. I'll bring in pen and paper and maybe leave one paper behind. Not the one with all the numbers on it though, of course."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 6:57 PM
She grins. "Maybe just a mysterious clue for someone to find"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 6:57 PM
"I should probably think about what I want it to say on the off chance it's ever found."
"I mean, we're in the middle of the Astral plane so the likelihood anybody would ever be in this exact spot again is probably pretty low. It would be cool to see though...."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 6:59 PM
"Well, if you travel along with the ship when you're in the Border Ethereal, shouldn't the paper also travel with the ship?" She looks back at the Starglimmer thoughtfully.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 7:01 PM
"Oh...yeah. Well...potentially I could stick my hand outside of the ship too right? And like...leave it floating there?" Nev is clearly thinking really hard about how all this works.
"Wait, I could get LOST out there, or left behind?! Potentially."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 7:04 PM
Kaz puts her hands up reassuringly. "Well, you didn't fall out of the ship last night? So you must be fine." It's apparent that she's trying to calm them both.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 7:05 PM
"Next time I'll try to go for a swim in the pool, that should be neat. Or, also check the observation deck, which I didn't do."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 7:07 PM
"Oh, yes, please tell me what you see when you do. I doubt there are many people who have gotten the chance to explore the Border Ethereal where it overlaps Wildspace." She looks excited.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 8:09 PM
(Uh, where are we actually at in game right now? like, timeline-wise.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/25/2023 10:00 PM
(Some time in-between the 1st and the 9th of Uktar)
John Dungeon Master — 04/25/2023 10:46 PM
(Let’s say 2 Uktar)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/25/2023 11:02 PM
(I think the questions we want to ask Lady R we may not want her whole entourage to hear, can we steal her away?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 4:03 PM
(Yes)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:33 PM
Can Smutlana scry on Zeferio?
We want to see if he’s ok
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:35 PM
Sure
Result: 1d20 (15)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:36 PM
The spell does not work
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:40 PM
Can Nev try?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:40 PM
Sure
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:41 PM
We have a few of those recording orbs from the Uvorin Decemvirate labs. Did any of them have Zeferio's voice on them?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:41 PM
No
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:42 PM
Okay, I'll try. Same result?
Result: 1d20 (20)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:42 PM
NICE
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:42 PM
The spell does not work
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:42 PM
I'm not sure if that's good or bad lol
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:42 PM
boo
😦
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:42 PM
I'm sure he's fine...
Can I scry on Tammy? To see if she's okay out there wherever she is in case there was anything potentially nefarious going on out where she was training 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:43 PM
Sure
Result: 1d20 (19)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:45 PM
That time it succeeds, what time of day did you cast it?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:46 PM
Probably in the evening
Like after dinner or something?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:55 PM
You see her wearing a heavy-looking backpack and joining hands in a circle with other paladin trainees on a mountain as they pray toward the crescent moon which is about to set.
Tammy looks like she’s added some muscle mass
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:57 PM
Get it girl.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:15 PM
Hell yeah, good for her
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:20 PM
I have questions for Lady R that maybe we can get answered before tomorrow's game.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:20 PM
Sure
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:22 PM
Questions for Lady Renalia: 
What exactly are we asking our allies to do in this fight? 
And how can we persuade them? 
Do you have any thoughts on organizations we should/could ask? 
Does she know of Jesilia and the House of the Moon and should we ask them for support? I'm not really sure what type of support or religious entity would provide but since Shar cultists keep messing with their temples, they might have more information that we could use or might be more willing to assist in this overall fight/war? 
Aaand what did she mean when she said the captain had been through a rough time/had a tough life? 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:30 PM
Ok, so you find some time to spend alone with her and ask things. She says “If the situation is as serious as we fear, then it should be widely known. At the very least, preparations to defend against fiendish incursions seem warranted, if the enemies plan to fulfill that awful prophesy, no?”
“Who to tell and what to say will need to be carefully considered”
When you ask about Jesselia Redenthorp, she says she doesnt know her and that you would know more about the Selûnites in Waterdeep than her
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:44 PM
What we need to say to prove these things and be taken seriously is what worries me most. It sounds totally bonkers.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:43 PM
When you ask about the captain, she says “I don’t usually pry too much into the lives of my employees, but as a fellow sensate, I heard the story that around 15 years ago, before he worked for me, he was going to be married, but as the story goes, a band of ruffians attacked the wedding party and killed the bride-to-be. Very tragic. Since then, he’s, well, quite famously remained a bachelor. But I thought you had broken the spell, no?” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:48 PM
Nevs eyes well up "That's...awful. I had no idea. I..." she gets quiet for a while, thinking
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:14 PM
How many are expected to attend the meeting?
John Dungeon Master — Today at 2:00 PM
Hundreds
