    • Kaz and Nev listen at the exit of the secret passage. They don’t hear any people outside, but they do hear a deep thrumming grinding noise, like a windmill. We recall seeing a windmill behind the tower we’re sneaking into.
        ◦ secret passage exits into a supply closet. Supply closet opens up into a WIDE hallway, large enough for large items to be transported to and from the workshop
    • Kaz makes her cloak look nice, like one that a high-ranking member of the Vigilant Sentinels might wear. She also uses the Emerald Pen to write a fake message on a piece of paper,
    • We slip into the supply closet. We hear a few footsteps, hoofbeats, and a snippet of conversation.
        ◦ Scottish voice: “You’ve got to make the decision, Lorn. I don’t know anything about this gnommish trickery.”
        ◦ Other voice: “Let’s leave it connected overnight. Let me know if anything changes.”
        ◦ Scottish voice: “If only Commander Windbrook would give us more time”
        ◦ Other voice: “They say he’s under a lot of pressure from Lord Querial himself.”
    • The voices continue past us, away from the workshop and out of the basement. Smutlana scouts out the workshop as a centipede and determines that there’s no one inside.
    • We slip down the hallway and quietly open the workshop door. In the center is a structure on large wheels, almost like a rolling table. The moveable scaffolding surrounds a 15ft tall, human-shaped metal construction (like a suit of armor). Along the walls are boards and boards of tools – it seems like Chazzick had a hammer for every type of nail. Far at the back of the room is the door to Chazzick’s office.
    • As Kaz and Odo make their way to the office, they see a large wheel built into the wall, constantly turning and throwing sparks as it strikes two clamps that grip it (like the striker wheel on a lighter). The clamps are attached to all kinds of doohickeys and wires. Two metal ropes snake along the floor from the contraption to the suit of armor, entering a panel in its chest. Nev studies the armor and deduces from the clockwork gears that it’s likely an automaton of some sort, rather than an enchanted suit of armor or an exoskeleton like Chazzick’s
    • There’s a door on the office that says “No Entry – Keep Out” in Common and Gnommish. Recalling that Chazzick hadn’t said anything about defenses on his office, Kaz opens the office door regardless. An alarm sounds, and the automaton activates. It cries out “Intruders!” and bars the main door to the workshop. Kaz hisses under her breath, angry at Chazzick for not warning the party. The golem runs back across the room and transforms. Its human head rotates back and a reptilian head emerges. Manifolds open along its sides and spread out into large wings. Vents open along its sides and release clouds of gas, which immediately knock Kaz out.
    • Odo pulls Kaz into Chazzick’s office, shakes her awake, then takes her place right outside the office door. Lana Blights the dragon, it’s metal sides corroding as it roars. Kaz says several Elvish swear words, with Chazzick’s name thrown in, and casts Banishment. It manages to resist (in quite a legendary manner), and Kaz swears again.
    • It’s a hard fight. Odo nearly falls, but the magic in Kaz’s journal protects him. She feels a shiver down her spine as the gift activates. Odo himself hears the world go silent as he’s hit, and for a split second he thinks he can almost see what Kaz describes when she casts Contact Other Plane. Nevaeh leaps in and Heals him, taking him from barely conscious to fighting condition. None of the others see anything odd, save for Odo taking a hit that rightfully should have knocked him unconscious. 
    • Odo nearly slays the dragon by dragging his flaming sword along its flank. As it dies, it breathes a last gasp of radiant light at the party, knocking everyone except Nevaeh (who’s resistant to radiant damage) unconsious. Nev quickly casts Mass Cure Wounds to bring everyone back to consciousness. Odo rolls to block a final blast from the failing dragon with his shield, leaps to his feet, runs over, and slices the dragon’s head off.
    • The whole party runs into the shattered office, choking on the noxious fumes of a burning barrel. Kaz inputs the safe combination as Vigilant Sentinels try to break into the workshop, yelling about how the construct has gone berzerk. Lana sweeps up our tracks in the broken glass, everyone files down into the hidden vault, and we shut the door behind us.
    • We find the trisigulator (an ancient artifact of arcane technology, looks like a portable vacuum cleaner), a set of tinker’s tools and a set of thieves’ tools, a clockwork breastplate, a mechanical quiver, a 1ft long metal rod with 12 runes down its side (each faintly glowing a diiferent color), and a pair of technologically modified shoes. Kaz and Odo shove every single thing they see into their bags of holding.
        ◦ shoes let you stick to the wall
        ◦ quiver is like a bag of holding for arrows, spears, javelins, etc
        ◦ automatic breastplate – one action to put it on and one action to take it off, folds itself into a belt when not in use
        ◦ multirod – can turn into 12 types of useful rod-like implements
    • Nev Planeshifts the party to Brin's Haven just as the sparking electricity in the lab ignites more of the barrels, collapsing the ceiling. Boswell immediately sees us when we reappear in the central courtyard. Normally stoic, he blanches as Lana describes the horrifying fight against the dragon construct.
    • Boswell takes us down to see Chazzick, and we tell him off for leaving a security construct on and not telling us about it. Chazzick is initially confused, since he’d left “Gearwing” powered down in a corner. Kaz explains that it had been plugged in when the party arrived. Chazzick is initially pissed off that the Vigilant Sentinels touched his stuff, then devastated to hear that Gearwing was entirely destroyed. He storms off in a sullen huff when the party is less than sympathetic. Kaz rolls her eyes. “Typical academics.” Torbold arrives and coaxes him back out, and Odo offers to play marbles with him later. Chazzick visibly brightens. “Alright! I suppose it would be good to take my mind off my unquenchable sorrow”
    • We accompany Torbold back to the conference room. He says that we should have new fiend suits ready in about 4 days. Grenpoli will be heavily guarded and protected, but the four of us are extremely talented and are the best ones for the job. Ganth lays out the documents Kaz snatched off the sewer wall and explains what they were able to glean from it. In four days, there’s a delivery scheduled for the Hall of Debate in Grenpoli. It will cross the Wastes of Maladomini (the 7th layer), and get delivered a day later. He suggests we ambush the caravan and hide in a few of its barrels to get ourselves into the city and into the building itself. A few of the WV will play the role of merchants and accompany us into the city as far as they can.
        ◦ Torbold asks how we liked Elysium, and Kaz offers him the bottle of wine we’d purchased for him. He’s visibly excited to have it.
    • Ganth coughs several times throughout the meeting, and both Kaz and Nev spot some blood on the hankerchief he puts to his mouth. We know that the Watchful Voyagers have no shortage of clerics, so whatever it is must be more complicated than a simple healing can fix. He eventually has to leave the room to rest.
        ◦ Kaz asks if there’s anything they could do to help Ganth. Torbold explains that he’s overworked, particularly because he’s the only one who can maintain the Brin's Haven demiplane (which is even larger than the githzerai monastery)
    • Ganth looks us each in the eye and warns us that, if we’re captured alive, we should have the option to avoid what’s in store for us. He passes us four vials of poison. Kaz, Lana, and Nev all take theirs, but Odo refuses his on the grounds that if he gets himself into a mess, then he’ll get himself out or die trying. Lana convinces him to take his, to prevent any powerful fiends from pulling sensitive information straight from his mind.
    • We rest for a bit at a picnic table outside. A tabaxi woman with two little children play with a yarn toy outside. A small group watches them acting cute, including Emmealot. She looks up and makes eye contact with Odo. It takes her a moment to recognize him, but when she does, she begins looking very angry. She says something to the rest of her friendgroup, who look us over. Kaz waves, and the mother waves back hesitantly, but none of the others do.
    • Nev and Kaz go over to introduce themselves. The tabaxi mother’s name is Nora, and her children are Raine (3 years old) and Emma (1 year old). They both look like bipedal kittens. Kaz tries to greet the other women as well. A few give her nods of acknowledgement, but Emmealot only gives her and Nev and icy glare. Nora looks a bit uncomfortable until her husband Leehan comes over and the other women leave. He has a banjo-like instrument, which Kaz is immediately drawn to. They talk for a bit (Leehan is a bard, and he and his family are from the Prime world of Ovra)
        ◦ Leehan plays a spell that sends colors spinning around Kaz. She feels inspired and receives a d10 inspiration die.
        ◦ As Kaz chats with the family, Nev stays crouched down, creeping forward a little bit and then going prone and making silly faces and stuff at the babies.
    • We go to fiend suit training with Boswell. The suits have metal scaffolding inside and fiendish flesh outside, and after wearing them for a few minutes they feel like our own skin.
        ◦ Detect Magic can’t detect magical items behind total cover (which the suit functions as). We’re reminded that weapons aren’t permitted into the city, but casting staffs are something of a gray area. The Rod of Drosys would probably fit in the suit, but Lana’s demonic staff would be very out of place and would be too large to hide in the suit.
    • That evening, Kaz and Nevaeh cast a few Sending spells. 
        ◦ First, Kaz contacts Eudora and tells her that the party won’t be back at the house for several days, so she and the other servants can have a few days to themselves. 
        ◦ Kaz then casts Sending to Angela and learns that her house was burned down and that she’s fled deep into the woods. Kaz learns where she is, then promises to find her and get her somewhere safe the following morning. She immediately casts Sending to her dad to check on him, and tells him that she visited Elysium as a cover. Fortunately, he’s fine.
    • Nev casts Sending to Khim. “How're you Khim? How are things going over there? We visited Falcan's Roost yesterday, I worry about you, I hope that doesn't happen again.”  Khim responds “Hi Nev. Someone was here asking about clerics travelling with Odo Falcanspur, but they didn’t seem to know you, so I didn’t say anything. Terrible about the Falcon’s Roost”
    • Kaz gets a Sending message from Dr. Tinkerreach. She was informed by a colleague that there was an attack in Silverymoon where Kaz used to live, and she hopes that Kaz is okay. Kaz replies that she’d heard about the attack, and she’s grateful for the warning
    • Nev casts one last Sending to Cpt Cloudsilver. “Captain, are you okay? I got you a present, but I can't see you for a while. It's too dangerous to be my friend. I'm sorry.”
      John Dungeon Master — 02/28/2023 8:06 PM
      (Going to circle back to Nev’s sending)
      Leagair Cloudsilver says: “Nevaeh, are you in trouble? If I can be of service, please, allow me. Danger is my every day life. I forgot fear long ago.”
      (There was definitely a bit of concern in his voice)
      Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/28/2023 8:57 PM
      (ooooh, he likes her baaaaack)
      Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/28/2023 9:37 PM
      (Danger is his middle name)
      (He's also never called me Nevaeh)
      Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/28/2023 9:50 PM
      (aaaaaand he never heard back from her that night after that sending, cuz I was out of spell slots so, surely that won't worry him)
      Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/28/2023 10:12 PM
      (Mood)
    • We spend the night in Brin's Haven, then Kaz Planeshifts to Angela’s location. Because Planeshift doesn’t always land the caster in the exact location, Kaz casts Sending to Angela and agrees to create a smoke signal so Angela can find her. She’s clearly afraid, but agrees to come. Lana creates a circle in the sky above us for her to find and takes off as a bird to look for Angela himself. As he flies, he sees flocks of ravens that seem to be searching for something – highly unusual behavior. 
    • After two hours, Angela subtly alerts Kaz that she’s hiding nearby, and slips out of hiding after a moment. She explains that wraiths were looking for her, and they burned her house down. They killed Theo, who was in the house when it burned. She’s been on the run ever since. Kaz tries to explain a few options for Angela on how she could stay hidden, but it’s clear that she’s panicking a little too much to comprehend them. Kaz manages to calm her down and reassure her that she’ll keep her safe. The Far Flung Fellowship agrees to take Angela to their house in Sigil, give her Gilbert’s Amulet of Proof Against Detection and Location (now that he’s in Brin's Haven and doesn’t need it), let her calm down, and then help her decide what she wants to do next
        ◦ Angela freaks out when she sees Sigil’s weird geometry. Kaz encourages her to just look at the road and not worry about it, since it’s only a few blocks to their home.
        ◦ Erfessa was an alep, a kind of creature that forms when a ghost forms from someone who knows a dark magical secret when they died. Wraiths, on the other hand, are evil corporeal undead





Text RP
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/28/2023 8:01 PM
Kaz pushes her way through the kitchen door, balancing a tray with a pot of tea and a few cups. She sets the tray on the dining room table, then places a cup in front of Angela and pours her some tea. "Here. This should help" she says softly.
She looks around at the rest of the party. "Would anyone else like a cup?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/28/2023 9:50 PM
"Yes, Kaz, please." Nev will brighten the fire in the room with Thaumaturgy. "Not so dark..." she murmurs, looking over at Angela
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/28/2023 10:21 PM
Kaz pours her a cup, gently sliding it across the table. She glances at Angela again, clearly trying to lighten the mood. "Did I ever tell you all about the time I ate lunch in the faculty lounge at Silverymoon?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/28/2023 10:28 PM
Nev sits forward
John Dungeon Master — 02/28/2023 10:30 PM
Angela takes the teacup, looking a bit dazed. “No”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/28/2023 10:51 PM
She smiles. "So, I was takin' this sculpture class just to have a bit of fun in my schedule, and our first project was to sculpt a very large version of an organ." She gestures with her hands, indicating a sculpture at least a foot high. "Some students did teeth, some did lungs, one even did a whole brain. But I decided to do a heart, because I thought it would spook students who came to my office hours if I put it on my desk." 
She sighs. "It was a bit too complicated for me, since I'd never really sculpted before, and it didn't end up looking quite the way I wanted it to, so I got rid of it after the project was done. But it was recognizable at least, and I didn't fail that part of the assignment.” She waves a hand, brushing the thought aside. “Anyway! Once we'd all made our sculptures, we were told to go out, place them somewhere that would 'change their meaning', and do a sketch of the scene to show the rest of the class. So I set out and tried putting my sculpture in a bunch of different places. I figured, a heart normally means love, right? So I put it by the river to make people think of flow, and under a tree to evoke life, but none of it really stood out to me."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/28/2023 10:59 PM
She chuckles. "Honestly, my only other idea was to go with some sort of pun on 'eat your heart out,' so that's what I did. I was just about out of time, and the only place close by that had any plates was the faculty lounge. I figured nobody would mind if I dropped in at 10am, so I walked right inside, stepped up to the reception desk cradlin’ this heart sculpture in my arms like a child, and asked if I could borrow a plate." She smiles fondly. "The staff were quite taken with the project, once I explained what I was doing. They took me to a room with nice, white tablecloths, and even poured me a glass of red wine to make the scene look more formal. I ended up staying for lunch after I finished the sketch"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 03/01/2023 12:35 AM
"So you still have that sketch?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 03/01/2023 8:26 AM
Kaz pulls out her journal and opens it to a page near the beginning. After a few minutes of searching, she holds it out for the rest of the group to see. The sculpture rests in the center of a plate, with the arteries pointed upward. The silverware lies neatly beside the plate, alongside a coffee cup and the glass of wine. A small vase of flowers sits off to the side, adding it’s own elegance to the setup. Kaz has taken a bit of red ink and used it to color the wine and outline the heart.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 03/01/2023 9:14 AM
“Whoa, look at that. You've got the arteries and the ventricles, the aorta...it's super accurate.” Nev is impressed
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 03/01/2023 9:15 AM
“Thanks! I borrowed an anatomy book from the Conclave’s library to reference”
John Dungeon Master — 03/01/2023 11:48 AM
Angela seems to perk up and says, “Ohh I doo remember that sculpture! You didn’t tell me you got to eat in the faculty lounge though, maybe I was on a trip?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 03/01/2023 11:50 AM
She thinks for a moment. “Aye, you were on the trail of a… displacer beast, I think it was.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 03/01/2023 3:28 PM
“A displacer beast?!” She looks to Angela
(would I know what a displacer beast is?)
John Dungeon Master — 03/01/2023 4:26 PM
(you would have heard of them)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 03/01/2023 4:31 PM
“I've always wanted to see one of those up close. Safely.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 03/01/2023 4:39 PM
Odo sniffs the tea in the air and then sniffs himself realizing how bad he smells.
"A heart!?"
"Well don't that do sounda mighty fancy and all." 
Odo shoves his nose under his worn collar, sniffing further.
Confused Odo looks around to see if one of the viles of Sewage Water ended up cracking open in his bag.
"Have we heard from Lady Rrrreeenallleeeeyyyyaahhh lately?"
"It do done has been a long bit of them there days I reckon since we did done seen her"
"She do done have all sorts of neat things that might make Angela feeeel uh more uhhh comfy than that there mattress of mine I do done not ever do be a’ using.   I reckon uh for uh Gilbert I didn't care that he had to sleep on the mattress.  But uh. I do done know how stellar you done be Angela and ya don't deserve to have to be a taking a snooze on that beat up ol’ thing."
(9 for Charisma Check & 13 for Persuasion - about the mattress thing)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 03/01/2023 4:49 PM
Kaz grins at Odo. "That's quite generous of you, Mr. Falcanspur." 
She turns to Angela. "You're more than welcome to stay here as long as you like, but we aren't around very often. We have a few friends here in the city if you want someone to talk to... or we could take you to that secret place we mentioned earlier, if you were willin' to stay there for the foreseeable future. I'm sure they'd be willin' to hire a ranger as accomplished as you are"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 03/01/2023 5:01 PM
Odo nods
"Ah yeah, reckon they would be willing to hire Angela absolutely, like I do don't be a forgetttting in that there slightest ‘bout that time Angela was able to take that mighty precise shot out from the woods when we was dealing with getting your pop's back!  She a mighty good shot!"
"But uh if we uh wanna get that there a better mattress I uh reckon I could done do haul it from Lady Rrrreeenallleeeeyyyyaahhh’s out this way, maybe uh say a hi to Rafe Donnaleeee if he done do be a back from the after wedding travels and what have ya - oh and see if Oarwin still be alive that old fella getting up there in age I reckon" 
"Just a’ holler if we need to mosey over yonder to that there spot to grab some uh them items to make the spot feel uh a bit more comfy" 
"I should take myself out the gymnasium if I did done have more time but reckon checkin’ on that there little Willow be a bit more, ah, pressing.  Do done be thinking ‘bout some yeasty bubbles.  Mmmm sure do like them yeasty bubbles.  Maybe reckon I'd get a yeasty bubbles tattooo on me, after I get some others..."
Odo meanders off to go check on Willow down the stairs, continuing to talk as his voice drones off
"Mmmm yeast and then there shrooms.... Yeaaasttttt....shrrrooooommmss... Hmmm dooo dah dee dahh Dee daaaaahhh ..." He repeats, humming, droning off in the distance down the stairs
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 03/02/2023 6:06 PM
"Did he just suggest we take a mattress from Lady Renalia's house? Mmm...nevermind"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 03/02/2023 6:08 PM
Kaz grins conspiratorially at Nev. “I wasn’t going to say anythin’. Didn’t want to encourage him, not after the ‘fiend dating’ incident”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 03/03/2023 9:07 PM
"Mmm, good call." Looks to Angela "So...Angela...how are you feeling? I know this is all a lot."
John Dungeon Master — 03/03/2023 10:13 PM
Angels says: “Kaz… What do you think I should do?”
“I still don’t really understand what’s going on. Is that Dragonborn guy after you? Are..are my friends and family …in trouble too?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 03/03/2023 10:41 PM
Nev sticks her face into her tea cup.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:00 AM
(...do I think that Asger would go after Angela's family?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:12 AM
(I don’t know, do you?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:14 AM
(personally, I don't. If Asger can't ask around to find specifically where Kaz grew up, then why would he be able to do the same for Angela?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:22 AM
Kaz tightens her grip on her own cup. "...I think you should go to that other dimension we discussed. It's the safest you'll be from Asger, and there's good people and good work there. As for your family... as long as he doesn't have a way to track them down, I don't think he'll be all that interested in them." 

She sighs, shoulders falling. "Asger's not going to stop coming after any of us, or the people we love, unless we stop him." She squeezes Angela's hand. "I'm truly sorry to have gotten you into this, even indirectly"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:38 AM
“Ok I’ll go there.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:28 AM
Nev pipes up hopefully "It's really wonderful, and the people there are so impressive. Even so, I bet you can teach them a thing or two."
