(We were doing business in the guest wing during the conference. The Residence is Yunethra’s titan-sized house. Lady Renalia’s body is currently there.)
    • Celestials (including Lord Querial) fly out through the hole in the roof to take stock of what’s going on. The noncombatants take cover to avoid more ceiling cave-ins, but the many warrior-types in the crowd making a beeline for the cloakroom by the front entrance to get their weapons. Commander-types shout out orders, which the crowd only half-listens to.
    • Kaz beats the crush in front of the cloakroom by teleporting inside. Plenty of other spellcasters have the same idea, and they appear beside her as she grabs the party’s two disguised bags of holding and teleports back out. Nevaeh helps noncombatants move to safety, reassuring a panicking Asara as best she can. Smutlana and Odo run down from the balcony, spotting Nevaeh as they go. They go to help people out of the rubble, but find that the rubble is already surrounded by other people trying to pull out survivors.
    • We tell Asara that Raif is “with Lady Renalia” (but don’t explain that she’s dead). She wants to be taken to Raif, so we acquiesce.
    • As we run, we look out the bridge windows onto Wyrmwood Avenue towards the upper rim and see a mob of THOUSANDS of people, bearing torches and chanting “golden blood! golden blood!” as they approach. They’re pulling a wagon-like contraption that launches a flaming projectile into the ballroom. We also see an aerial flock of celestials fighting flying creatures from the mob. Towards the lower rim (and our neighborhood), we see mostly calm darkness, but in the distance are more torchlights.
        ◦ celestials don’t have golden blood. Golden blood is probably a reference to “golden lord” which is Sigil slang for the extremely rich people who live in the Lady’s Ward.
    • We leave Asara with Jarrow Oakrest (head of the Storm Giant guards). She begs to be told what’s going on, and Nev finally, gently, explains that Lady Renalia was killed and she needs Asara to be strong. Asara breaks down crying, but goes with Jarrow. Cloudsilver stays with her to “do his duty to his employer”.
    • We decide to take out the ballistae. We find that the way back to the ballroom is barred by a HEAVY door. Nev flies up from the courtyard and sees that the crowd has split around the estate, moved under the bridge, and is now streaming down towards Pacifera park and our neighborhood. The ballista cart is a smouldering wreck. among the mob are fiendish individuals. The whole crowd is reminiscent of the Hive.
    • Smutlana is intent on stopping the mob from flooding the premises. She decides to cast Reverse Gravity at the intersection between Wyrmwatch Avenue and the street with all the shops on it. We run to the roof and join the Storm Giants there, who are holding ballista-sized crossbows and waiting to fire until someone tries to scale the residence walls.
    • Lana casts her spell. Little mushrooms sprout in a 100-ft radius circle and emit purple spores in the circle, floating upward with the new gravity. Around 100 people suddenly fall up 100 feet, bobbing in place at the full height of the spell. Torches go flying. A few seconds later, Lana’s magic is suddenly dispelled, the people fall and splatter on the ground, and the crowd goes even more insane with rage.
    • As the crowd walks over the broken bodies, Kaz can see there are some people among the fallen people who are not dead and look like they could survive falling 100 ft. One is dusting off a dingy brown robe and putting away a wand. Another is pointing up at the building where we are and yelling to the crowd “They did this! The golden lords did this! Are we going to stop them?”
    • With truesight, Nev can see some very dangerous looking fiends in the crowd who have disguised themselves as humanoids. Kaz can see that some people waiting by Pacifera park to block the mob from heading toward Little Faerun, but they’re vastly outnumbered.
    • Nev makes a Moonpath to help the party down from the roof so we can help the small group protecting the way to Little Faerun. Odo makes sure that the storm giants are good to guard the Residence, then lets them know that we’re leaving. The rioters pelt rocks at us as we traverse the Moon path to the ground, but can’t hit us. As soon as we reach the ground, the path is dispelled. 
    • We see the Harmonium lining up with their shields and yelling “We’ve defended this city once, we’ll do it again!” Odo yells out “Braddius Dickson! Let’s bury the damn hatchet!” (we don’t see Braddius during the fight)
    • At the front of the mob are humans or tieflings wearing black, fitted plate mail and wielding greatswords and shields. One has a tattoo of the Doom Guard symbol covering his face. They’re accompanied by some sort of armored creature with a long tongue, which Kaz knows is a yugoloth (specifically a cannoloth).
    • Lana casts Plant Growth on the park, dramatically slowing down the riot’s advance. Odo hacks and slashes at the yugoloth and the doom guard near him. Kaz blasts the doom guard, the yugoloth, and part of the crowd with Synaptic Static, muddling their thoughts. Nev casts Twilight Sanctuary, then summons her spiritual weapon and helps Odo attack the yugoloth.
    • The invisible Doom Guard mage blasts Nev (who can see him with Truesight) with a disintegration ray, melting some of the skin off of her face. He doesn’t take too much care to hide himself, confident that she can’t see him.
    • Odo kills the yugoloth, and the rest of the party starts laying serious damage on the doom guard. One of the doom guard yells something to the doom guard mage in Thieves’ Cant, and the mage responds in kind. They both look at Nev, who’s keeping us protected with Twilight Sanctuary. Odo runs over, spears the doom guard through the chest with his javelin, and knocks the mage onto the ground with his shield.
    • The Harmonium move to guard our flank from the rioters. The two remaining doom guard shove Kaz to the ground and beat her up. Lana leaps through a wall of fire, kills one with a max damage Blight, and raises the corpse as a Heather. Odo helps Kaz to maneuver away from the fight without getting hit, and Kaz blasts the final doom guard with Mental Prison. It doesn’t stick, but he’s still freaked out enough to attack and destroy Heather. Lana entangles him in her net as revenge.
    • The battle mage panics, casts Invisibility, and tries to run. Odo hacks him apart as he tries to run, and Smutlana shreds him with an Erupting Earth. Odo throws his handaxe into the head of the final doom guard, killing him
    • We’ve held off long enough that some celestials have flown over the building and are heading off the riot. Lana looks up Nightsong street toward Lady Yunethra’s estate as we catch our breath and sees people running toward us to help deal with the situation. A deep burgundy carriage with silver accents, drawn by two silver Arcadian ponies, appears to be stuck with a broken wheel. A black rod appears briefly in one of the windows, points toward a few celestials flying by, then retracts. We watch closely and see the black rod appear again as more celestials fly by – it’s topped by a face that looks like its in pain. We immediately assume that this rod is what’s corrupting the celestials, and that this attack was a very convenient way to gather all the celestials into one place.
    • Lana decides to sneak up to the carriage and blow it up with Exploding Earth to surprise whoever’s inside. Kaz decides to hide in the overgrown undergrowth in the park and watch from a safe distance. Lana casts the spell, but the carriage remains completely untouched as the earth surges upward around it.
    • A second later, someone pokes their head out the carriage window in utter shock, trying to see what’s happened. They have small horns and completely gray skin. We have never seen this person in the flesh, but we’ve seen a likeness and we’re pretty sure it’s Darala. Nev immediately knows for certain that the figure is Darala, from her Mt Whrith vision. Darala is suddenly pulled back inside the carriage, and a minute later the carriage itself explodes. There are no bodies left behind except for the Arcadian ponies, who’d been torn apart by Lana’s initial spell.
    • We see Dabus coming up Wyrmwood, carrying riot shields and sticks. Kaz and Odo run toward the shattered carriage to look for clues. Other people have already arrived, and are spinning conspiracy theories about bombs placed around the neighborhood. Kaz doesn’t find anything in the wreckage – it’s like it’s been sterilized
        ◦ carriages like this aren’t common, even in the Lady’s Ward, but they’re not so uncommon that it would look out-of-place. The footmen trying to “fix” it’s broken wheel didn’t have any obvious livery, and have also disappeared
    • We look out across Sigil and see columns of torch-bearing people completely surrounding the outer and inner rims of the torus. Both columns only turn in once they reach the Lady’s Ward, and both seem to be making a pincer motion toward Little Faerun. We gather that they’ll reach the neighborhood in about 9 minutes, though the guards might stall them before they can get into the neighborhood itself.
    • Nev flies back into Lady Yunethra’s estate to update Cpt Cloudsilver, Asara, and Raif about the situation and let them know we’re heading back to Little Faerun to reinforce the guards there. They wish they could be out fighting as well, but they didn’t bring weapons to the gala and they feel helpless. Cloudsilver offers to come with Nev regardless, and Nev gratefully offers him her dagger. He flies back down to the rest of the party with her.
        ◦ Kaz has spent the time ritual casting Phantom Steed for a few minutes
    • Lana flies ahead as a bird to scout out the rioters and Little Faerun. She transforms Odo into a sporse (spore horse) before she goes, and Nev rides on his back. Kaz spends the next 8 minutes ritual casting Phantom Steed as she walks back toward Little Faerun with Cloudsilver, then rides the rest of the way.
        ◦ “You and the captain could share a romantic ride on Odo’s back, lit by the sensual light of thousands of riot torches” – Kaz, jokingly to Nev
        ◦ Odo hands Cloudsilver the Masterwork Longsword and two vials of drow poison

Text RP
Flashback 1: During the ball
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:29 PM
When did Nev cast truesight?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:55 PM
Geodesic path from one side of a torus to the other excluding the inner section:
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:20 PM
After we found Lady R's body
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:21 PM
Ok yeah, its worn off then because theres been a 1 hour casting time resurrection attempt since then
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:22 PM
Oh he actually finished it? That's a long time for Nev to have been out on that dance floor then lol
No I left before that guy got there iirc
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:25 PM
Wait you went to look
Then you went back though because you learned that Quiriel was a suspect
Or no?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:27 PM
I tried revivify, didn't work, Kaz and Capt start investigations, Lana and Odo did... Something. I checked the room with true sight then left the room to check more stuff with true sight
Nev never came back
For some reason I thought the cleric was trying to cast resurrection but it failed like... Before the hour
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:28 PM
Oh then I guess you were looking around for quite a while but the storm giants had sealed off the ballroom
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:29 PM
Hmmm
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:29 PM
It cant fail until its fully cast
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:30 PM
So everyone was sealed in the ballroom for an hour before the crowd hit
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:30 PM
Yes
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:31 PM
I mean, if I was in there i'd have done more than just dance with Q. If I couldn't get access then none of that happened at all.
Maybe it hasn't been an hour and he's just still casting while they're in the new space?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:33 PM
What did you want to do? I thought you were just looking around
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:34 PM
Looking around, talking to people, asking questions, listening to convos
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:42 PM
Yeah, if there’s anything else specifically you wanted to have done during that time you can. I thought you were doing those things and I remember describing what people were talking about etc.
I guess I thought you were just watching for anything else suspicious going on
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:23 PM
So I think the time line got a bit fuzzy, because an hour was going by, but I believe what happened was that they kept the dancing going until after the resurrection failed, because it was assumed that Renalia would just get up and identify her assailant and they could avoid ruining the whole event. So the dance with lord Quiriel would have taken place at some point during that period. And then you heard the voice in your head and talked to Chipric after that. Then shortly after that (after the resurrection failure was reported to her) came Yunethra’s announcement that someone had been attacked and the dancing stopped and storm giants started questioning people. Then it was only a couple minutes after that when Asara found Nev and started asking about where Rafe was (meanwhile the rest of the party was heading to the ballroom), and then immediately after that, the riot broke through and the messenger ran in and the ceiling caved in. So I had assumed that Nev had been walking all around the house looking with true sight for most of the hour and then went to the ballroom and looked from the balcony and then danced with Lord Quiriel etc.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:32 PM
Would it have taken me an hour to walk around the whole thing and would I even have access to much of it?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:34 PM
It was really big. You could have walked through the halls and courtyard for sure, not the residence. but then I thought you went to the balcony overlooking the ballroom and looked for a while and then you could have done some listening etc. 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:42 PM
Yeah, my last stop was the ballroom. So in all my looking and listening I didn't really learn anything except what Chiprick told me?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 7:45 PM
Well, you did learn that there were not invisible assassins roaming the halls or illusions covering up secret tunnels to the outside etc.
And then you rolled a 1 on perception
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:05 PM
But yeah you would have had time to talk to other people in the ballroom if you wanted to, or anything else like that.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:11 PM
Then she would have wound through the crowds, danced with folks that seemed questionable to try and get a read on them, and anybody that might seem like allies depending on where they say they're from when dancing or talking.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:12 PM
Ok, what criteria are you using to assess questionability?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:16 PM
Mmm, acting unusual after I know Lady R was killed, looking like they're telling secrets, anybody whose outfit might be uh... Like dirty or in disarray, and maybe keep an eye on anybody that had danced with her or Linessia that night
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:17 PM
Ok go ahead and make an insight check
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:44 PM
okie dokie
neatoooo, my cool dice continue to be cool. 10
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:49 PM
You see some people that you think might be suspicious, but everyone is in costumes, and its pretty tough to tell
Upon further examination, you’re not sure anyone is really suspicious
As you’re looking around though, are you trying to be inconspicuous?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:52 PM
Mmm I think I can play it off as looking for the next cool person to dance with
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:55 PM
Regarding Nev’s costume, is her hair visible? You said before “Nev's going full Valkryie/Grecian with a feather headress and all that” the picture makes it look like the hair is visible but I’m not sure about the feather headress
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:55 PM
yeah i thought about that and figured she's almost got like a valkyrie helmet setup on so she can shove all her hair in there.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:56 PM
Ok
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:56 PM
there's a fuck ton about her that's hard to hide, but i did think of that lol
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:56 PM
So if you’re being in conspicuous, could you just roll a quick stealth check?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:57 PM
straight though right cuz im not wearing the armor?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:57 PM
Right
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:57 PM
omg
natural 20
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:57 PM
Ok
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:57 PM
you're welcome back to the party dice.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:59 PM
Well, that explains why Asara took so long to find you I guess. You believe you were not noticed by anyone else.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:59 PM
haha that fits
does anybody come to Nev of their own accord during that time?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:06 PM
Assuming you don’t avoid being seen by him, the Triton, prince Lirien, whom you met before, asks for a dance
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:06 PM
oh hell yeah
i have questions for him
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:06 PM
Ok
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:07 PM
I was not prepared though, lemme check.
I want to know more about the plane of water, and the Far Realm, does that make sense to ask him?
and also anymore about the Aboleth problem that maybe he didn't share before
oh
and can I make enough of a connection for sending?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:10 PM
(Ooh, good idea)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:11 PM
Dancing, absolutely
So, he’s from the plane of water, and aboleths reputedly have some connection to the far realm so it makes sense in that respect
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:17 PM
why are the tritons and aboleths fighting in the first place?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:21 PM
He says “the aboleth have no regard for other civilizations. They abduct our people, raid our settlements, and unleash horrible nightmare abominations into our waters from their awful temple”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:22 PM
yikes
So they started fighting with the tritons for...the fun of it?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:24 PM
(Are you saying that to him?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:24 PM
yes
she'd say it with concern, not as like...a joke
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:49 PM
He looks off to the distance for a moment. “The aboleth claim that they existed long before any other races, and even before the gods. Therefore according to them, we have no right to live. Anywhere.”
“They worship beings or …things that they claim are so old and so distant that they do not even reside in the planes, but in some place beyond the planes…”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:54 PM
"Did they only arrive recently and start doing these horrible things?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:55 PM
“They have always been part of the world of water, as long as we remember”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:56 PM
"Wow, so this fight has been seemingly neverending?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:57 PM
It ebbs and flows
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:57 PM
"What are you hoping we can accomplish that others have not been able to?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:10 PM
(So, he was introduced to you because you had discussed the far realm with the Anarch Kythri Ak’nezir, and specifically talked about doors to the far realm and Ak’nezir knew the Lirien believed the aboleths he was fighting had such a door or opening. Then you met the prince. But he wasn’t trying to hire you or anything, though he may have indicated you would be welcome to come and help the, fight because he’s always looking for his people)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:13 PM
got it, okay
so we could help them out and maybe find a door to the far realm while we're at it
Also want to ask him about his title, and family and stuff. Who are the king and queen, any brothers or sisters, etc. See what kind of pull he himself has.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:17 PM
He explains briefly that they have a hereditary principate so theres no king or queen, he is the ruler but he has many wise advisors
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:17 PM
Nice, okay.
What has he heard about the Far Realm? (aside, how long does his species live for?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:21 PM
“Its unknowable…”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:24 PM
"No ridiculous stories you've heard?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:27 PM
“Only stories made up to scare children so they don’t swim out at night”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:29 PM
"I do love a good scary story."
oh
okay two more things
"As far as you're aware, how do aboleths react to each other? Do they work together? Are they competitive?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:42 PM
“In our case, they do work together. They aren’t numerous but have have many minions”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:45 PM
I don't think I have any other questions, just would ask him when the dance was over if I could reach out to him in the next few days about visiting his plane. Seeing what all this is about.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:45 PM
The music stops and theres applause. He bows. “Thank you for the dance”
“Absolutely. For warriors of such high reputation, we will be honored to welcome you”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:48 PM
Okay, I did something. Nothing that helps Lady R, but ya know. sidequests I guess.
is there anybody being ridiculously drunk and annoying at this ball?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:10 PM
The ones who are are being dealt with by their fellow delegates pretty much
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:37 PM
Lol okay


Flashback 2: During the battle
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 05/08/2023 9:45 PM
So back when Smutlana Heather-ized one of the fighters with the blight, Smutlana was quite pleased with herself and said to Neko, “A gift in return, my precious… b-WHAT? The ‘recrudescence of life’?!? Agree to disagree, I suppose…”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/08/2023 10:15 PM
(What does recrudescence mean?)
John Dungeon Master — 05/08/2023 10:17 PM
@clyde can you answer her question?
clyde (AI) — 05/08/2023 10:17 PM
Of course! "Recrudescence" is a noun that means "the revival of material or behavior that had previously been stabilized, settled, or diminished" according to Merriam-Webster.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/08/2023 10:18 PM
(I googled it)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/08/2023 10:19 PM
(Me too, but I couldn’t understand the disagreement 😅)
John Dungeon Master — 05/08/2023 10:20 PM
A recrudescence is the recurrence or regrowth of something bad like a disease
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/08/2023 10:20 PM
@clyde can you summarize what was said?
clyde (AI) — 05/08/2023 10:21 PM
Of course @Nevaeh (Alicia)! It seems that Smutlana was pleased with herself for infecting one of the fighters with the blight. But when Neko mentioned the "recrudescence of life," Smutlana seemed to disagree.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/08/2023 10:27 PM
Kaz wipes some blood from her mouth, giving Lana a confused look before running back from the Doom Guard and blasting him again 

Present: Riding for Little Faerun
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/07/2023 11:16 PM
Cpt Cloudsilver can go with Nev or with Kaz
John Dungeon Master — 05/07/2023 11:16 PM
Oh so true seeing will still be active for 7 mins after you get there
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/07/2023 11:16 PM
(ahhh okay, after we get there, got it)
Not sure how he's going to feel about riding bitch but he can decide haha cuz there's no way I'm not handling the reigns of the Odo sporse
John Dungeon Master — 05/07/2023 11:21 PM
He’s actually going to just run the whole way.
He’s very fast
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/07/2023 11:23 PM
(Okay, so since I'm still a little fuzzy on the timeline, and I do want to try to heal myself and Kaz with Aura of Vitality, Kaz is going to be behind us by about 8 mins, and then will quickly catch up at the end, is that right?)
John Dungeon Master — 05/07/2023 11:24 PM
Right
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/07/2023 11:24 PM
(Okay, as soon as she'd get in range I'd take a minute of us riding together to use Aura of Vitality, assuming nothing messes with us during that time)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/07/2023 11:27 PM
Kaz is definitely appreciative, and she's looking much healthier now. Her costume is in total disarray, however, and she looks down at it sadly. "Guess I'll have to get this repaired"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/07/2023 11:29 PM
Nev just put on her armor over everything, which kinda works out since she isn't wearing anything poofy for a change at this ball.
Nev looks at her outfit "....same"
John Dungeon Master — 05/12/2023 9:38 PM
On the way to little Faerûn, Legair, jogging along side the horse says, “do you have a dagger I could borrow, just in case?” He hefts the masterwork longsword “this is a very fine weapon but I’m used to a lighter blade, with a bit more  finesse”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/12/2023 9:47 PM
(I have mine but Kaz has that sweet wall of light one that might be better? Not actually sure if the stats of the weapon itself are better.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/12/2023 10:10 PM
Kaz pulls the glowing blade out of her boot and hands it to him. “Here. It’s got some magic to it, and it’s a bit sharper than normal too”
(It’s also a +1 dagger)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/12/2023 10:23 PM
(Nev gave him her plain ole dagger before we left Lady R and Raif)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/08/2023 10:39 PM
While we're riding Nev will sidle up as close to Kaz as she can, and tell her "Kasma, something happened while I was out and you guys were tending to the Lady. I wanted to catch...Lord Q...and so I saw him go to get off the dance floor and I pulled him out for a dance. I don't think he believed my cover story and when he left he was trying to get something off his wing, but I couldn't see anything."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/08/2023 11:22 PM
Kaz looks thrown off for a split second after hearing Nev use her full name, but she rallies nonetheless. “We weren’t supposed to speak with him! D’you think he recognized you?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/09/2023 12:15 AM
"I know we were supposed to stay away, but I had to know if he had something to do with this. I was hoping to learn something...but I didn't." (Can I roll to see how much Nev might feel like he recognized her?)
John Dungeon Master — 05/09/2023 12:16 AM
Sure roll insight
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/09/2023 12:17 AM
....
why do the dice gods hate me when it comes to this man? I rolled a nat 1. again.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/09/2023 12:18 AM
(Oof)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 05/09/2023 9:15 AM
(Blind spot against celestials…)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/09/2023 9:36 AM
(I like that.)
John Dungeon Master — 05/09/2023 12:19 AM
You’re not sure
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/09/2023 12:22 AM
"I don't know if he recognized me or not. But I'm pretty sure he didn't believe my story, either way. And then he left pretty quickly. But, the unsettling thing was that afterward," she leans in closer "I heard a voice in my head tell me "We told you stay away from him" or something like that. I don't know who it was, but it sounded male."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/09/2023 12:24 AM
Kaz looks spooked for a moment, then relaxes. “Probably whoever the Watchful Voyagers have spying on the Sentinels from within. Torbold said their mole had an artifact that granted him some limited telepathy” she murmurs
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/09/2023 12:25 AM
"That would make sense. It was creepy though." she pauses "That's not all though."
"I moved off the floor and was keeping my eyes on him when Chiprick found me. I guess he saw me looking in his direction and he told me that he saw the Lord enter the Refreshening room and he was in a cubicle trying to get something off his wing. I guess it was weird enough that Chiprick took note, and then felt the need to share with me."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/09/2023 12:28 AM
“…huh. That is odd.” She seems just as lost as Nevaeh is about the situation
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/09/2023 12:29 AM
"I don't want to doubt Chiprick's intensions, he was nothing but jovial while we were dancing, I expect he just likes a little gossip and drama at his parties, but it's worth noting I guess." 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/09/2023 12:34 AM
She shrugs. “Oh I don’t doubt his intentions, but it’s still odd that you both noticed it. And that his wings were entirely clean…”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/09/2023 12:35 AM
"You'd think a stinky mortal had just touched his wings or something."
"or...he's seeing something we can't, whether it's actually there or in his head."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/09/2023 12:40 AM
“Perhaps. But you’d just cast True Seeing, so I can’t imagine there was anything present that he could see, but you could not.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/09/2023 12:42 AM
Nods in agreement "We'll have to figure out what that means."




