    • We decide to lie and pretend to bargain with Lesha for a way back to the Prime Material plane in order to get her out of her hut and unprepared for our assault. Kaz will do the lying. Nev casts Holy Weapon on Odo’s (sheathed) sword in preparation.
    • One of the guard skeletons screeches a warning as we approach. The larvae herd moves behind the hut as the skeleton horde approaches us warningly. Kaz yells out that we’re willing to make a deal to get home. A 10-foot-tall toadlike creature (banderhop) emerges from the hut, followed by Lesha. She’s wearing a necklace made of mummified child hands and she cackles as she sees us. ‘Ooh, fresh meat, walking to the slaughter”
        ◦ “Well that’s not very nice” – Kaz
        ◦ the toad-creature’s skin seems to dissolve into shadow every once in a while, and it can teleport
    • The skeletons immediately attack us, followed by the cart-buffalo and the insectoid creatures (meenlocks). Kaz immediately blasts four skeletons, two insects, and the cart buffalo apart with Synaptic Static. Nev runs up to her and Odo as they’re surrounded by the remaining skeletons and insects, and uses Destroy Undead to blow up another four skeletons. She and Kaz high-five
    • Odo gets swallowed by the banderhop. Lesha summons 5 skins from her evil skin pile to fight us after we absolutely ice the rest of her guards
    • Odo slices his way out of the banderhop’s stomach, bursting out alien-style. Lana kills the skins. Lesha casts a spell and vanishes. Using a Seeking Dart (which will find any target within 120ft) fails to locate her.
    • We rustle up some of Lesha’s hair and belongings for a scrying spell. Kaz and Odo tamper with a locked chest and get blown up by a fireball trap, but do find a gold and silver filigreed dagger with rainbow bands (magical), a silver necklace with a gemstone pendant (nonmagical), and a bag with 78gp and 22pp. A few minutes into casting the spell, Lesha reappears with two other night hags.
    • The three hags surround the party and absolutely waste them on a surprise round. Kas panic-casts the 6th level spell Scatter with a scroll to teleport herself, Lana, and Nev 30ft away, and the other two hags 120ft in the opposite direction. Odo cuts Lesha down with his flaming sword, stabbing his blade into her stomach and cutting upward until he splits her in half
    • We continue fighting the hags. Kaz gets knocked out, then healed awake. Eventually, we injure the hags enough that they teleport away.
    • We drag Lesha’s body back to Angina, who pulls out a sword and starts hacking the body apart for a solid minute. She tries to demand Odo’s flaming sword as an additional boon for telling us about Asger, the slave, and the mirror, but after exchanging (failed) threats and (failed) negotiation offers, we finally manage to convince her we need it to defeat Asger and she yields.
        ◦ Angina likes Odo’s habit of collecting dead monster parts. Odo finds Angina’s urge to chop up Lesha’s body “relatable.” Kaz is disturbed
    • Asger wanted to know where Angina got the slave he was looking for, which she says she got from the same “horrible fiend” from whom she got the mirror. She got the slave from Gershchakejjt (“Gersh”), a shator gereleth from the plane of Carceri 3000 years ago. Angina used to cross into the layer of Othrys and do business. Gersh offered up a human wizard named Nersiul he had trapped, along with the strange mirror Nersiul had on him when he was trapped. She later sold Nersiul to a trader named Dergolan, but kept the mirror because she enjoyed the “sinister sensation” it gave off, like a feeling of sadness. She only ever used it to look at her reflection. Angina relays that Asger was heading to find Gersh
        ◦ Gersh was large and corpulent and disgusting, like all shator
    • We return to Pars Korvarik. The skeletal guards at the gate allow anyone into the city who wishes to trade and do business, but we use the portal key to leave through the portal in the town entry arch. We fall through the manhole entrance and into the sewer.
        ◦ as we leave Hades, we hear another fiend on a box shouting that “the age of half-wits and infants is coming to an end soon”
    • We check to make sure that Ranjat hasn’t posted any minions in the area, then climb out of the sewer and head out of the Lower Ward. We make our way back to Lark Street and to our house.
    • We wash up, then head to the temple of Selune to rest, recover, and pray after having been in Hades. Acolyte Mari welcomes us in, telling us that Priestess Ashara is out (but she thinks that she’s with Captain Donnely, of Lady Renalia’s forces).
        ◦ Kaz didn’t have a strong connection to any deity before meeting the rest of the Far Flung Fellowship. After spending so much time with Nevaeh, she does feel a bit closer to Selune and knows enough of the basic prayers and rites to do them when she goes to the temple.
    • We rest for the rest of the day. Lana practices using her net with Odo as the target. Kaz arranges for the party to have their portrait painted. Turns out that Mari takes commissions! She only charges 35gp, but we tell her she’s worth more and pay her 100gp.
    • It’s Eliasus 16th
    • We debate what to do next. Everyone is exhausted from their time in Hades, and Kaz is nervous to face Asger, so no one really wants to go to Carceri even though Asger probably won’t be there long. We throw around the idea of taking a few mercenary contracts for money. We also consider visiting Faerun in time to experience the full moon in the Loop Woods, but realize that since the last portal burned down along with the tavern, we’d have to use the one in Silverymoon or one in Neverwinter (both of which are a month’s travel from Waterdeep, unless we wanted to pay extra for someone to quickly teleport us between cities)
    • We decide to ask the Watchful Voyagers if they know anything about the war, since both they and the Vigilant Sentinels had mentioned that strife and wars were increasingly more common in the planes. Kaz casts Sending to Ganth and asks “There’s a war going on in Waterdeep, in Toril. Do you know anything about that?”
    • He replies moments later. “This is quite a coincidence. I was about to send you a message myself. I don’t know anything about this war, but we need to meet.” 
    • Kaz casts Sending again. “Name the time and place.” Ganth replies “How about I just come to you?”
    • Lana has our cook, Eurora, put on a pot of tea. Ganth teleports into our home. He spares a few moments for pleasantries, then gets down to business. “I heard you were involved in an incident in the Abyss” (referring to our fight on the Moonbeam). “I was given to understand that you were ambushed, and corrupted celestials were involved.”
        ◦ Torbold wanted to make sure we weren’t part of some sort of elaborate fiendish ploy to investigate the Watchful Voyagers, so they kept tabs on us. Ganth dryly hopes that we aren’t offended.
    • We confirm what Ganth has heard. He continues “The lord commander of the Vigilant Sentinels, Lord Querial, has been implicated of being involved in the ambush you were caught up in. Lady Renalia Efrione summoned Athelkara and Querial to her mansion to discuss the events that led to your ambush. Our informant reported on their conversation, and was able to telepathically convince her not to reveal your involvement in this incident to Lord Querial.” He tells us not to let anyone know we’re sus of Lord Querial or the other corrupted celestials, because it puts our lives at risk.
        ◦ Kaz asks to one day meet the other telepath who didn’t let Lady Renalia rat us out to Lord Querial. Ganth says that that agent used a magical artifact to do the telepathy, and though they have one natural telepath in their ranks (who’s in Sigil!), he can’t let their identity slip for operational security reasons. “One day, perhaps” Kas smiles sadly.
    • Ganth asks us if we’ve had any leads in figuring out how the celestials are being corrupted. We bring up that we found out about Frederyk, but that he was also hidden from divination magic. We also recall that the last time the eladrin saw Branaris and Frederyk was when Branaris said they were both going down to the lower planes, which was a little before Nev’s mom heard that Branaris was joining up with the Vigilant Sentinels. 
        ◦ Ganth says that he and the Watchful Voyagers also don’t have leads
        ◦ “And you are somehow the key, or at least the first ones to notice anything wrong with these celestials. For us, it was a logical deduction of who was responsible. I still can’t say whether it is corruption, but if you still wish to find Branaris, understanding how all this is happening will get you closer to him.”
    • The Vigilant Sentinels had never heard of Fredryk (though they also didn’t know Branaris had a daughter). He was there for 8 months before he was suspected and captured by the Watchful Voyagers during their defection.
        ◦ Kaz asks what it would take to remove someone’s memories, because it’s hella sus that Branaris wouldn’t mention he had a kid when he so clearly loved her. Ganth says it would take very dark magic, but it should be detectable by the kind of magic they used unless there’s some sort of new magic
        ◦ inventing a new magic, per se, isn’t all that difficult. But inventing something that’s never been seen in the multiverse takes time and immense power, and very few would be capable of it. The Watchful Voyagers suspect the involvement of an evil deity in creating some new magic unknown to the other gods (Shar, maybe?)
    • Lana describes her vision of Ranjat talking to a bunch of fiends. Ganth conveys that fiends use rakshasa as diplomats. Currently, there’s an ongoing convention of fiends, with demons and yugoloths, devils and yugoloths, etc meeting in the Lower Ward.
        ◦ Ganth tells us NOT to try sneaking into the demon/devil/yugoloth meetings because they’re too powerful for us.
    • Ganth confirms that, as far as he knows, Ranjat is definitely in Sigil. He’s an envoy from the Nine Hells (where devils live), but the creatures from Lana’s vision were demons (tenari). It confirms that there are negotiations occurring between the two sides of the blood war, which is a worrying anomaly.
    • Yugoloths have been preaching about the end of times lately. It’s connected to everything somehow, but Ganth and the party aren’t sure how. Kaz warns Ganth about the connection between Akin (the “friendly fiend”) and Ranjat Dor’alkaba. Ganth says the Watchful Voyagers have been monitoring Akin for some time and that there isn’t anything confirmed there (though Akin “plays the long game”)
    • Zuggtmoy is part of the loose alliance demon against Lolth. Our illicit weapons delivery was to Prazomal, who’s not part of that alliance and is still attacking her ancestral enemies the devils.
    • People say that as soon as the war against lolth ends (which appears to be going in the demons’ favor, not Lolth’s), the demons will return to attacking the beatezu, as they always do.
    • Kaz brings up the Doom Guard attack on Lady Renalia’s caravan. Ganth says that Efactol Pentar, their former leader, has returned to Sigil and is whipping the remnants of his faction into a frenzy. He’s even recruiting.
        ◦ Ganth, the Watchful Voyagers, and the Vigilant Sentinels know of Lady Renalia’s strategy to fund both sides of the Blood War to keep it going. They don’t support it, but they understand it and don’t act against her.
    • Kaz tells Ganth about her vision of the fungally infested demons searching a vast desert and finding an Uvorin Decemvirate necklace. The two of them narrow the location down to Menathese (third layer of Carceri), the only other planar layer with a vast desert. Ganth looks at Kaz’s minor illusion of the lead infested undead demon and confirms that it’s not Zuggtmoi’s main avatar (who resides in Shadakla in the Abyss, far from any desert), but notes that it could still be an agent of Zuggtmoi
        ◦ Ganth also asks about the mirror (Kaz is cagey, just says it’s very powerful and the party doesn’t understand it fully) and he notes that it’s the sort of thing our enemy is very interested in
    • We explain that we’re also on Asger Mordelin’s trail, but that we’re exhausted from Hades/not sure if we can handle him. He encourages us to seek out Gersh so that we can find and stop Asger, since it sounds like Asger is also involved. Ganth tells us of a portal to Othrys.
        ◦ shator are vastly more powerful than night hags, but they are greedy and like to amass wealth for its own sake. It’s often good to bargain with fiends from a position of strength, offering up the same things that tempt mortals
        ◦ shators are the most powerful gereleth, and are powerful enough for Contact Other Plane to work on them
    • Nev explains her Mt Whrith vision (and some backstory about how the mountain works). He notes our connection to each other, and says that all our visions are likely connected with this dreadful fiend business. “The four of you have been brought together somehow by providence, and you’re all connected to this in different ways” He’s not quite sure yet how Odo ties in to it.
    • Ganth is upset that we didn’t manage to decipher the Illusory Script scroll that we stole of Ranjat, encourages us to contact him next time we want to see hidden messages. “Consider your involvement and that your destiny is tied up in all this. If you miss something, the universe could suffer for it” “The universe?” Kaz laughs awkwardly “surely not” Her laughter dies when he stays serious. “You shouldn’t let anything slip by”
    • Ganth promises to look into warding our house. Kaz confesses that we’re immune to scrying and Lana explains that it was a gift from Psilofyr. He looks shocked that a Power from the planes would give us such a gift. He reminds us that we have a destiny and a duty to the planes before teleporting back out. “Just remember, Lord Querial should not find out about you, because that will put your whereabouts into the hands of whoever wants to snuff you out”




TO EXPLORE:
- wtf is Asger’s connection with Rezzoradrath? (is he a dragon in disguise? lowkey I suspect it. Asger captured Kaz’s dad and suddenly Rezzoradrath’s lackeys wound up with his prison? MAD SUS)
- why does he want the mythallar? (if he’s a dragon, is it just bc he’s greedy?)
- how did he hear about there being a possible mythallar underground?
- why was he working with a cleric of Shar? who was she?
- Rezzoradrath’s minions sent a fiend to invisibly spy on us. Why? What’s up with that? Why are they in contact with fiends?




Text RP
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
Smutlana is shuffling about the kitchen in her kimono bathrobe, prepping breakfast
(is anyone else there?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
(is the sun up?)
("sun")
John Dungeon Master — 09/22/2022
(Everyone make wisdom saving throws please)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
I expect Nev is an early riser
oh shit
(My +8 did not help me much, 11)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
?!
17
(we need DreamGuards or something, geez louise)
John Dungeon Master — 09/22/2022
(I have to teach now so I’ll resolve this in a while)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
(kk)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
(cliffhanger) (timely because I have a meeting in 3 mins)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
(i'm in a meeting rn and i have one in 3 mins)
(😶 )
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 09/22/2022
(11) (lul)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
(come on kaz come through, get above like a 12 or pref a 14...)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/22/2022
(11)
(fear.jpg)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/22/2022
(How did three of us get an 11??)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
(~*destiny*~)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 09/22/2022
(lul)
John Dungeon Master — 09/22/2022
In the morning, you all easily notice that Smutlana had a rough night sleep and is looking groggy and doing a bad job of trying to hide it
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/22/2022
Kaz enters the kitchen, glancing over at Lana as she leans against a wall. “Is Eudora out today?”
John Dungeon Master — 09/22/2022
(She should be there)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/22/2022
(Yeah but if Lana is the one making breakfast…)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“No she’s around. I think she’s fetching some fresh bread maybe?” Lana presses her palms to her eyes and massages for a moment, then abruptly changes the topic and smiles “So where are we off to next Kaz?  Full moon’s around the corner and our portal to Womsford is shot.”
“Gotta do the moon bear Odo party here soon, isn’t it?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/22/2022
“Mm, aye. And Odo and Nev are quite worried about the war in Waterdeep.” She grabs a pear and takes a bite, chewing thoughtfully before she speaks. “Jevrin said that there was a portal near Neverwinter. If we took that, it’s about a ten day journey to Waterdeep, and another two days on the road to the Loop Woods. Barring any unforeseen events, we should make it in time.”
Kaz pulls out her journal, an ink pot, and a slightly bent quill and scratches a quick reminder into her journal. She glances up at Lana, looks back down at her page, then does a double take. “You look exhausted. Don’t tell me one ‘a those fear things followed us home”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“… Who me? Exhausted?” Lana looks around dramatically.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/22/2022
Kaz toys with her quill, and Lana starts to get an idea of how it got bent in the first place. “No, seriously, please tell me it’s not another one of those things”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“Look I’m not exhausted. I’m fine!  I didn’t have any nightmares. I guess I just have this unshakable anxiety about something Psilofyr told us. It feels like I should remember and it, but I… ugh.”
Lana yawns bigly and stretches, then exhales in a long sigh with closed eyes
“Maybe it’ll come to me if I just stop chasing it so hard.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/22/2022
“Hmm” she lays her quill aside. “Can ye remember the context?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
Lana leans against the countertops and taps her claws rhythmically in undulating fashion, as if literally trying to drum up the memory
“It’s something about ‘bad stuff is gonna happen in the planes if we don’t stop it’”
“We meaning, like, the four of us.”
“And I’m just stuck on that. After Hades i noticed it’s just really preoccupying my thoughts. It feels imperative now, all of a sudden.”
“But I can’t remember anything else in the conversation related to it.”
“Do you?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
Nev shuffles down the stairs, fully dressed and ready to go, for a change “Hey you two, sorry if I'm interrupting.” She looks around for some freshly brewed tea
“How did everyone sleep last night?” she eyes Lana and sees her looking haggard but doesn't want to embarrass her so she doesn't acknowledge it 
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“Oh no. We’re just bullshitting.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
“Do we have a pot of tea going? I can start one.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“Yeah, Eudora is out. I’m too worked up to be productive on like, anything”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
Nev shuffles around working on a pot of black tea. It seems like she's not super comfortable in the kitchen but after opening and closing a few drawers and cabinets she figures it out. “Oh, what are you worked up about? What's going on?”
“Something Ganth said last night? I had to commune with Selune about some of that too.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“Maybe that’s what triggered it. I dunno. Psilofyr said fate brought us together to do something about preventing catastrophe in the planes, which I’m like, ‘obvi’”
“But then I don’t remember the details at the time. I’ve gotta stop being so careless and whimsical.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
“The not remembering is gnawing at you, huh?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“The stakes are just too high now.” Smutlana is anxiously turning a teacup with one hand, 30 degrees at a time
“It’s more the… cavalier attitude in general.”
“That’s what’s gnawing at me.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
“It all does seem pretty daunting.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“It’s the guilt that I wasn’t paying attention when I shoulda been. And now I should be doing something that I can’t because I wasn’t being serious back then.”
“Maybe it’s the sudden realization that ‘oh wow I’m not just a quirky kenku running around with mushrooms on my hat how quaint, daderp’”
“And now it’s all, ‘you’re supposed to protect the planes but you’re too stupid and aloof to pull it off, too bad you didn’t take it seriously enough to begin with’”
“I dunno I’m overthinking it. It’s whatever at this point.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
“Well, of course you are. You're a quirky Kenku with a mushroom hat that can move the very earth we're standing on. You're so strong now, and however you were before is just part of what made you who you are today. We love that quirky Kenku. And whatever it is, or was, we'll figure it out and deal with it when the time comes. If the time comes. No need to be anxious about things we don't know or remember, we're still here doing just fine with the knowledge we have now. Ya know.”
Nev sits next to Lana and puts an arm over her shoulder. “Selune will help guide us through this, just like everything else. As big as the task might be.” She radiates some warmth. “Don't be losing sleep over this stuff, okay? We need you at your most quirky every day.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“Well,” Smutlana sighs as she perches her head on Nevaeh’s shoulder, “I suppose I am kind of adorable just the way I am, aren’t I? It’s harder than I get credit for, just to maintain this level of cuteness whilst simultaneously crushing skulls and returning lost children to the ancient Circle.” She draws a more whimsical rainbow Enso circle in the air
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
(UwU)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“Well if any of you remember anything lemme know. I’m gonna try to listen to Nevaeh and put it on the backburner for now.”
“So you think Neverwinter is our best bet? Whaddya think about brunch with Mr. Tall Light and Handsome, you think you could mention we could use a ride or preferably an escort gig from Neverwinter to Waterdeep?”
“I could use half a day to tend to the shrooms. I have some preparations to make in case we’re gone too long and some of them spoil.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
Nev blushes a little “I don't...think he's here right now. And I'm not sure that's how a Spelljammer ship works. I mean, not one with a big hole in it for sure. We could maybe send to a few folks and check in on things before we head out there, but I feel like we're on our own in finding passage to Waterdeep.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“No I mean he’s a captain. He knows other sailors and captains.”
“Moonbeam is Moonbroke. Like broke dick as fuck.”
“He could put in a good word for us to one of his captain friends who might need a merc group resourceful enough to fight off an entire army of demons on their fucking home plane, including a balor.”
Smutlana turns dramatically to look up at Nevaeh in genuine surprise. “Holy shit Nevaeh we really are kind of badass now aren’t we??”
Bewildered, Smutlana continues looking up wide-eyed at Nevaeh, blinking in disbelief, half waiting for a response, half in awe of himself.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“Honestly I think you and Odo should also take some time to reach out to your peeps in Waterdeep and get a full appraisal of the war situation.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
“Yeah, we'll do that today.” Staring at her tea, she blurts out “But I'm not gonna send him a message asking for help, oh my goddess, how embarrassing. What would I say? ‘Hey I know I just asked you out and I hope we're still good on that, but also could you hook me up with a job in my own home country that you've probably not even been to in the meantime? thankssssss’ No way! I'd die.” She turns increasingly red and hides her face with her tea cup.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/22/2022
“Well I mean don’t open with it Nev, for the sake of the spores.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/22/2022
Kaz has been leafing through her journal rather than paying attention to the last few minutes of the conversation. She stops on a particular page, staring at her own writing for a moment as if to confirm it's the right entry, then puts her finger down decisively. "Here's my entry on our trip to Mycelia"
She studies the page. "Psilofyr said something about 'a great havoc germinating worlds away' and that we might be able to stop it from 'choking the future of all beings'." Her voice softens as she continues. "And... he did say it had something to do with war"
She sighs. "Between that, Ganth's thoughts on the matter, and what we've seen ourselves... it does paint a worryin' picture. But does any of that ring a bell for you , Lana?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/22/2022
Nev slinks away to avoid the conversation “I'm gonna go get ready. Let me know when you guys are ready to head out.” (She's totally dressed and ready lol)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/23/2022
(Does lana remember anything now with that info? Can I roll something for lana to remember)
John Dungeon Master — 09/23/2022
(You can roll another int check)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 09/23/2022
13
John Dungeon Master — 09/23/2022
You remember the “great havoc” had something to do with the two sides in the blood war and psilofyr had called you to come to the planes because you had already defied both the tanar’ri and the baatezu 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 09/23/2022
After a while Nev comes back down, looking pretty much the same except she's braided her hair, likely just to fill time. “So, should we head out and see about finding the portal we'll need, plus key? We should also swing by the bank and see if we have enough funds for some materials. I'm running short, even on my incense.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 09/23/2022
Kaz nods, setting her quill aside. "Aye. I've got some money if we haven't got enough in savings"
"What should we pick up before we go, aside from more reagents?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:43 AM
“Mmm, I'm not sure. Assuming places are still open as normal, we can likely get anything we need in Neverwinter or Waterdeep too”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:24 AM
“And so you’re sure we shouldn’t reach out to folks you know about which travel routes are safe, or to get more details on the war in general?”
“Like where are the hotspots, etc?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:58 AM
“We can send now if you want”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:01 PM
“Yes, let’s just please get situated with respect to the war, just to be careful. To whom should we send?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:03 PM
“Jandar is on Odo's family's land outside of Waterdeep, I think he might be a good option since what's going on directly in the city might be different”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:11 PM
Nev casts sending "Hey Janny, it's Nev, you can reply to these messages. We're coming back by way of Neverwinter to Waterdeep. How's the war looking there?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:22 PM
“Hi Nev. We’re fine here. Just heard yesterday that Lord Edric’s battalion pushed the goblins back to Gaustar’s creek where a lot of them drowned trying to cross.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:26 PM
(Where's that? Is that the one we travelled across to get to the portal?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:26 PM
(It’s farther East)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:30 PM
back to Jandar "I'm glad to hear that, on both accounts. Are you aware of any family contacts in Neverwinter that can help get us to Waterdeep?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:35 PM
“Not that I know of. By the way, we heard that a Selunite priestess and her guards killed a goblin warlord at Womford last week.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:37 PM
(Who would Nev guess that was?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:37 PM
(Herself)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:38 PM
oh lol
das me!
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:38 PM
(Guards?! 😤)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 12:39 PM
(You recall that Nev did all the talking) 
Jandar’s tone of voice conveys that he guesses it was you and your friends
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:42 PM
Nev will relay to the party "The goblins have been pushed back past Gaustar's creek. Apparently they're not very good swimmers. Also, our exploits at Womford are making the rounds, in a positive way. I think."
“Janny doesn't know about anybody in Neverwinter that can help us, from the Falcanspur side of things. I'm trying to think who I know well enough to ask that's in Waterdeep.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:47 PM
Kaz makes a mock toast with her piece of fruit. “Cheers to that. As for getting passage, I’m sure there’s a ship that can take us. They’re both big enough cities, I doubt it’ll be too expensive to buy passage”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:49 PM
“Yeah, I'm not sure how expensive it will be but surely we can cover it.”
“Speaking of, we should head out to the bank. I think our funds from Lady Renalia have been deposited.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 4:41 PM
Odo nods
"Reckon the moon and then bears be something..."
Odo shuffles around, overhearing the conversation
"Guess I could done try to maybe uh see if we can reach out to some folks before we done show"
Odo looks over to Kaz. Then Odo looks at everyone else, thinks
"Well if I done hear right by that, as I was laying in that pile of hay in that there closet, it done sound good that them goblins getting pushed back further. Jandar, I done figure he’s mighty astute. Got them good peepers and all, don't age that much neither, prolly plus handful of things here and there why he done be the best equestrian trainer I ever know of"
Odo kinda looks around 
"Welp I done know that if we wanted to maybe make a bit more noise before we show, we might be able to reach out to some others via Ma, tho Mom done seemed very, uh, not well since the last time I done visited. Well not so much ‘not well,’ just sorta, uh, ‘outta it’ so to say. It’s nothing, I'm sure it’s fine, just a bit surprised ‘bout some conversation - uh - but oh yeah I done figure she could also send a few couriers out on our behalf if need be, maybe out to Sir Gondrian, Tammy, and Sear'Rebellion - depending on what we done be trying to do.  Maybe try to get a meeting set up with the Lord's Alliance & the Galavanters so we could mention to ‘um all that we might be a willing to help protect the city if there done be some major immediate threats- but uh I’m not too sure who all’s involved with them their collections of folks"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 4:44 PM
“So....we should ask your mom if she's got a contact in Neverwinter?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 4:53 PM
Odo thinks
"Reckon I ain't too sure if Ma would. Abigail done might know someone out that way but I ain't too sure."
Odo shuffles a bit closer to the kitchen and rummages around for snacks
"Uh, hmm, we might done be able to Send something out to her like uh"
Odo reaches for some weird old possibly inedible thing
"Ma, friends and I heading to Neverwinter then to Waterdeep, do ya or Pa no anyone there?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 4:54 PM
“I mean, I guess it's possible they know something Jandar doesn't, but he's pretty close with the family so I'm not sure how likely that is. I can try. Did you say you're worried about your mom's health?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 4:55 PM
Odo sniffs the thing that he reached for
"Uhh reckon she did done just seem off put by the conversations we done had before I left but her health be good, she as healthy as she done can be"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 4:56 PM
“I guess I misunderstood what you were saying.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 5:01 PM
Odo more deeply sniffs the thing in the kitchen, pokes at it...can't make out if it's a crispy burnt bit of food
"Ahh reckon my noggin still mighty shook up from them hags we had to deal with, but I reckon we gonna have to deal with far worse things from the words done be a hearin outta Ganths mouth"
Odo licks the burnt bit of food
"I uh be figuring uh "
Odo pivots back toward others walking that way 
"We done ever hear ‘bout some plans like in way of how soon Ganth be sending them folks over to do the wardin' on this here spot?"
"Reckon we all been a grown mighty fond of this here place Ganth done made it sound like a wardin be mighty important"
Odo bites a bit of the burnt leftover food thing he found in the kitchen that was obviously on the ground near some cookware
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 5:07 PM
(I'd like to investigate the "food" and see if it's actually a dead animal or something.)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:08 PM
Eudora keeps the kitchen clean so it’s likely something Odo stuffed in his armor
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 5:08 PM
( 😅 - yes prolly probably something that was in the armor that fell out that Odo might think is leftover food 😂 )
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:16 PM
Kaz shrugs. “Ganth didn’t mention when he’d send people over, but I can’t imagine there are that many mages capable of that level of warding. It’ll probably be a while”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 5:22 PM
Odo looks over to Kaz...takes another bite of burnt mystery food 
"Hmmm reckon we should maybe have Eudora and Norman take some time off uh until maybe we done get in on some of them wardin' things out here on this here house?"
Odo finishes the burnt crispy mystery thing
"I uh well you know, no sense in them having to work in a spot that ain't have wardin'. We could just give ‘um some time away until we get the spot warded ...as I figure it a might be a bit safer"
Odo kinda glancing around at others
"How y'all feel bout givin Norman and Eudora some time off ‘till we get them there mages that Ganth be saying be a comin by to do the wardin'?  Figure as Kaz done be a sayin might a be a bit of a while at the least - we heading for Neverwinter, figure we'd be out, we done tell ‘um to take the food home withs ‘um both so it don't spoil sitting here while we away"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 5:32 PM
“Odo, please don't eat things off the floor. Eudora makes us perfectly delicious food. It's kinda rude that you prefer to eat dusty jerky, you know.”
(That's a good question. Whatever is happening to us in this house, would that also be happening to Eudora and Norman? Maybe it is unsafe for them here) 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 5:36 PM
Odo nods, smiles and then adjusts his armor
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:52 PM
“I don’t know that any of us is in immediate danger, but aye, better safe than sorry. Especially because I won’t be here to cast Alarm like I’ve been doing”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 5:53 PM
“We'll still pay them, of course. Consider it a paid vacation.”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:57 PM
(They live at your house)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 5:59 PM
Kaz chews on her lip. “Of course, it would be quite an imposition to force them to live in a tavern, or with relatives, for some indeterminate amount of time. Maybe we should sit down with them and have a frank conversation about what we know and don’t know, and let them decide for themselves?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:01 PM
“Yeah, that's a good point.”
“We've got a lot to do today. Let me contact Odo's dad and then I need to head to the chapel for a bit.”
“Do you want to gather up Norman and Eudora and give them the...news?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:05 PM
“Aye, we ought to do it now, since we’ll be leavin’ soon”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:06 PM
(Eudora was out getting something, bread? so she's probably back by now)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:07 PM
(Yes) 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:51 PM
(Did we want to do some more sending?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:22 PM
(oh right)
For my last sending - "Sir Falcanspur, This is Nevaeh. We're coming back to Waterdeep by way of Neverwinter. Do you have contacts in Neverwinter to give us a ride?" 
(Ser?....Mr?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:25 PM
Lord Othar
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:26 PM
(Daddy Falcanspur)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:31 PM
(We haven’t really considered how you would address him in the past but it’s possible since he and your mother were so close that you would be very familiar, perhaps even refering to him as an “uncle”. But, “lord Othar” or just “m’lord” would be a pretty standard way to address him for someone much younger who feels weird calling him just Othar)
(Then again, it’s also not impossible that you would have started just calling him Othar, as you’re not that young. But “Mr.” or “sir” would be not correct)
(Anyway we’ll assume you used a normal form of address…)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:34 PM
(Uncle Othar has a nice ring to it)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:35 PM
(Yeah that works)
He says: “ah Nevaeh, good. I trust you are keeping Odo out of trouble. Your uncle Jasper is in Neverwinter at the house of knowledge and” (cuts off due to word limit) 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 12:04 AM
( J A S P E R R R !!!! )
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 12:04 AM
(He’s in NW :} )
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 9:43 AM
(We finally get to meet Jasper!!)
