    • Unsarrek casts a spell and Nevaeh pops out of the Border Ethereal, but the rest of the party does not. Kaz tries to reach the next room by passing through the ground, but the floor of the next room is also enchanted to block extraplanar travel. She returns to the party and casts Arcane Eye, then slips the sensor through the crack above the door.
    • The room beyond the doors is made of masonry and is extravagently ornamented, with tons of draconic carvings. Kaz thinks it’s a temple to Rezzoradrath himself (which could be why the party can’t use extraplanar travel to get inside). There’s a platform above the door, where Unsarrek is standing. Screech is standing there as well, holding a glass bottle like he’s ready to throw it down. Around the ceiling are many flying fire mephits like the one Kaz blasted as the party hiked up to Rezzoradrath’s lair. On the left and right are large arched doors going to either side. On the left it looks like a workshop and on the right is a demolished room leading to a large volcanic cave
    • Nev drops Etherealness, releasing the rest of us back to the Prime Material. Odo immediately attacks the two magma giants coming down the hallway towards us, getting burned a little as he slashes and hacks at them both. Lana turns the party into hummingbirds (except Odo, who gets turned into a giant scorpion) and Kaz immediately flies through the crack above the door.
    • Screech stabs hummingbird!Kaz with a dagger, reverting her back to her normal form. She casts Mental Prison on him in revenge, and he cries out in panic for Unsarrek to help him.
        ◦ Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:14 PM
          I show him a rogue's worst fear: a strength check
          realistically he sees himself buried alive and unable to claw his way out
    • Nev and Smutlana fly through the crack above the door. Lana transforms herself into a bear and lands on top of Unsarek, squashing him. She’s stabbed from behind, as Merto (apparently only knocked unconscious in our last battle with him) climbs the ladder attacks her with a poisoned short sword. Unsarrek yells out “Lograkis! Come out and defend your master’s lair!”
        ◦ Lograkis looks like a hydra, but each of the heads is a different colored dragon. Kaz is immediately reminded of Tiamat, but based on the way Unsarrek called Lograkis out, it’s probably not an aspect of her (it might just be made to look like her).
    • The magma mephits rain down fire on all of us throughout the battle. Kaz Dimension Doors down to the floor and tries to unbar the door for Odo, but isn’t strong enough to work the pulley. Lana Polymorphs Odo into a hummingbird and Odo flies into the room, popping back into his usual form when a magma mephit claws at him.
    • Kaz, trapped by some of Rezzoradrath’s living fire breath, decides to save Lana from Merto and casts Mind Warp on him, driving him insane as he dies. Odo shoves Screech out of his mental prison and off the platform, hurting him pretty brutally. He then stabs Unsarrek, shoves him off the platform, and jumps on top of him, rendering Unsarrek unconscious or dead.
        ◦ He and Kaz pull a quick bait-and-switch, to Kaz’s relief.
    • Screech gets to his feet, sees that Unsarrek is dead, and screams with rage and pain. He lights up every single bottle on his body, screams “Rezzoradrath forever!” and suicide bombs Kaz and Odo. Kaz only manages to stay standing thanks to Exilicor’s gifts.
    • Nev Heals Kaz and casts Mass Cure Wounds on the whole party. Lana Heals Nev.
    • It’s a long, frustrating, and brutal slog against Lograkis and the living fire breaths. The fire breaths keep boxing the party into close quarters. Kaz and Lana both go down. Finally, Odo slices the fire breaths apart. The entire party blasts Lograkis the dracohydra apart one head at a time, only for two more heads to take each stump’s place. Despite the healthier-looking heads, Lograkis still looks rough. FINALLY, Odo stabs it through the heart and it’s nine heads collapse to the ground, dead.
    • We investigate the room, looking for Rezzoradrath’s hoard. Lana finds a keyring and 80gp. Kaz moves into the dragon-sized workshop and sees a dwarven head peek around the corner. Odo meanders after her and strikes up a conversation in dwarvish. The dwarf is happy to hear that we’ve killed the dragon, and we see that he and several other prisoners are in chains.
    • We free the prisoners by taking Odo’s axe to their chains (without realizing the keyring is for their cuffs) and give them food and wine. Odo and another prisoner translate for the groups. Their names are Kilvar, Harbeck, Ulunt, and Ulfgar (the one Odo met). They’re all from clan Dankil. They tell a lengthy story of how they were raided and captured, and how they weren’t expecting to ever see the outside again. We gather that they were enslaved to upkeep the lair, which was a dwarven temple in ancient times.
    • Ulfgar explains that the hoard is under the floor, and that Rezzoradrath stood on a plate in the floor to open the passageway. Rezzoradrath also had a giant golden key that was also used to unlock the hoard.
    • The cave-like room on the other side of the temple is Rezzoradrath’s bedroom. There’s a pool of lava on one side, and a lot of noxious gasses flowing up and out of the volcano. 700ft up the wall is a ledge jutting out from the chamber, covered in carvings about Rezzoradrath’s greatness. We gather that its his nest. Smutlana turns into the biggest bird she can think of (a giant eagle) and flies up to search his nest with Kaz hitching a ride.
        ◦ We find a few treasure items in the bed, which is made of smooth pāhoehoe lava. There’s an emerald encrusted gold crown, a platinum chalice with sapphires, and a painting of a celestial dragon.
    • Kaz shifts one of the loose rocks and finds the large golden key. On the underside of the rock is a draconic inscription, which Lana understands says “Left right right left right” (or something to that effect, which we are assured we’ll remember). We also find the bones of deceased humanoids, which Kaz and Nev take to give a proper rest.
    • We drag Lograkis’ body and several other corpses onto the pressure plate until a keyhole opens up on the wall. We put the golden key inside and use a crowbar to turn it until the passageway opens and we descend into a room with a SHITLOAD of treasure. Nev finds a necklace of pearl prayer beads, which probably came from an ancient follower of Selune. We see that there are also a number of weapons and various other things. We also notice a sword we recognize from Othar’s secret room lying on top of a pile of things like it’s recently been added to the hoard. Odo sees the name “Ursina” etched into the leather grip.
        ◦ The sword is called Marcel’s Fang.




Text RP
Current channel name: dra-gains
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/25/2023 2:38 PM
(We gotta do some math on the weight of all these items to find out if between the items and coins we can fit it all in our two bags of holding, sans painting)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/25/2023 3:04 PM
How many days has it been since Lady R was assassinated? I didn't write down the date it was when it happend, and a lot of shit has happened lol
John Dungeon Master — 06/25/2023 3:53 PM
That was the 13th and its now the 18th
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/25/2023 3:54 PM
Man, that's only five sleeps
we are busy bees.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/25/2023 10:04 PM
upon hearing / seeing that there is a Dwarven Rune Tablet
Odo perks up, moves within a position to see it and Ofgar
(In Dwarvish )
"Ofgar, it done seem like there be this here Tablet with some chiseled writings on it o'here"
Odo smiles
"Ofgar, when ya did done tell me you Clan Dankell - reckon I be a mighty curious - had ye done ever heard of a couple of brothers long ways from here named the Grimblade Brothers ?- I not too sure if they were Clan Dankell or not"
Odo nodding
"Ofgar, also curious"
Odo shuffles a bit closer
"Uh, Ofgar, yeah, my noggin' also be a makin' noise to know if you done happen to know a Borvit as part of Clan Dankell, by chance too?  Or, even by chance a uh Derrick Longhammer?"
Odo picks up the Dwarven Rune Tablet
(In Common)
"Ay uh, do y'all mind if I reckon I try to provide this potentially valuable historical relic to the Clan Dankell group, Ofgar, KillGar, and Harbeck?"
"I uh reckon uh, since they done been trapped down here, it'd be mighty nice if we can help get um out but also, perhaps maybe this here tablet well, it might belong to them as is, or they might know a Clan that did done loose this valuable piece"
(Back in Dwarvish)
"Ofgar, I reckon, my friends and I 'might' be open to letting ya have this here tablet, I be letting them offer some input as it be only fair - I wanna get their take on the matter - but it do seem mighty important, maybe this is a relic that was part of your Clan or other Clans you knew, perhaps - you think?"
"Ofgar, there do done be, some mighty intense times a comin' and I do value all of ya - I reckon I'd want ya'll to be in good safety and good hands - now that you ain't bound by that evil scaley beast that done had been known as Rosaradroth, 'Ole Ashmaker' as I done heard it be called - I uh, I just nervous bout y'all, what been y'alls plans now...how long have y'all been down here working on all those statues?  Can I help y'all best assert revenge or fix any- wrong doin's that done been happened? Ya see, there are some mighty intense times comin' round, I do done figure y'all seem like we could grow together, learn from one another - perhaps parts of your clan or families could be considered friends of ours in the future - for the things that done be a’ comin' I gather... having good friends around done be worth more weight than all of Ole Ashmakers treasure here ( 17 Persuasion Check ) - I do think it'd be mighty nice" 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/25/2023 11:11 PM
Kaz smiles. “Of course, go right ahead Odo! After all the slave labor they did for Rezzoradrath, I’d say they deserve a bit o’ compensation from his hoard.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/25/2023 11:36 PM
Odo smiles and nods
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/26/2023 1:20 AM
“Certainly the least we can offer. Perhaps they can give us more insight on who knows of this place's existence. In case we need to hold down here for a while.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/26/2023 1:42 AM
“That would be helpful. I’d prefer a place relatively unknown to the Watchful Voyagers, at least until we can sort out how Asger knew where we’d be and what we were doin’ there”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 06/26/2023 1:43 AM
Odo nods - and re-iterates those questions in Dwarvish back to Ofgar
John Dungeon Master — 06/26/2023 8:22 PM
So you want to give the dwarves the tablet and you’re asking if you can help them?
The tablet is in ancient dwarvish.  It seems to be a historical artifact (there’s no connection to anything related to your various quests though)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/26/2023 9:32 PM
I had to ask ChatGPT but I believe that is correct. If they want our help in exacting revenge, I guess
John Dungeon Master — 06/26/2023 9:33 PM
Revenge? You killed the dragon and his minions
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/26/2023 9:33 PM
And also if they’d be willing to be friends and help us in the future
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/26/2023 9:45 PM
Allies would be nice
John Dungeon Master — 06/26/2023 9:56 PM
These 4 tired starving dwarves are not fighters and are not in any kind of shape to help you with anything, but they’re quite grateful for their freedom and they swear on their anvils to one day repay you with forge craft. They came from far to the north and any help you can give them in getting home would be appreciated.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/26/2023 10:03 PM
I can get them to Waterdeep?
Where are they from?
John Dungeon Master — 06/26/2023 10:03 PM
That would be farther away for them, they are from the mountains to the north.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/26/2023 10:06 PM
Okay, well I'm not sure how we can help them, except giving them a fuck ton of money and planeshifting....somewhere
John Dungeon Master — 06/26/2023 10:08 PM
They are very superstitious about magic and are definitely not up for magical transport. They’re happy to have money and rations though if you can spare them.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/26/2023 10:09 PM
That we can do.
How much can dwarves carry? Lol
Weight-wise
John Dungeon Master — 06/26/2023 10:13 PM
Well, they can scrounge some packs and sacks and stuff from the minor equipment in the Red Reapers quarters, and they can each cary around 150 lbs
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 06/26/2023 10:24 PM
Kaz is grateful for the offer of forge craft. Seeing that the dwarves aren't interested in magical transport, she reaches into the bag of holding and pulls out 50ft of hemp rope and a tinderbox and passes both off to them. "Here. To ease your travels." She reaches back in and pulls out handful after handful of dried rations, looking more surprised with each new handful she offers up. "...I swear I don't remember buying so many of these things"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 06/26/2023 10:28 PM
(Would they welcome some holy water?)
Nev will give them her waterskin (we have the decanter), two bottles of holy water (just in case), and a bar of soap.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:18 PM
we’re curious if Necropoieties could have overheard our plans to destroy the Conduit, then had its essence released to the Lower Planes when we destroyed it
(Can things inside the bag of holding hear what's going on outside the bag? or is it a vacuum of sound in there?) 
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:22 PM
You can make an arcana check
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:22 PM
Ooh can I also make one?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:22 PM
Sure
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:22 PM
17
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:23 PM
You’re not sure
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:23 PM
there's no way I beat a 17
....I rolled a 1
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:23 PM
But it is an extradimensional space,
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:23 PM
thank you, thank you. better get those out of the way now DICE
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:36 PM
guess we have odo stick his head inside and scream
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:26 PM
((( 
also was asking if they knew of the Dwarves:
Borvitt, from WV (without mentioning the WV)
Derrick Longhammer (planar dwarf from Lady R's Treasurey & Transfer)
The Grimlay Brothers, (dwarves from Fort Gilbert that were masterful in repairing the fort after the giant attack)
)))
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:29 PM
Make an int check. The DC is 2. If you are successful you know dwarves don’t all know each other
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:37 PM
( 18 Int 😛 )
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:37 PM
(you can't fail it lol)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:39 PM
( Could Odo try to recall the clans related to Derrick Longhammer, Borvitt, and Grimlay Brothers? - Odo would be curious about some clan dynamics to see if there were any links between the dwarves clans Odo knows of and their Dankell clan. )
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:40 PM
Btw it’s the “Grimblade” brothers
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:40 PM
( OH! lul - I thought it was Grimlay - I take horrible notes lululu )
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:40 PM
The planar dwarves are not even from this planet
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:41 PM
( ohhh okay, so just the Grimblade & Borvitt then luluj)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:41 PM
The Grimblades were from Waterdeep. Borvitt was a planar Dwarf from Sigil
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:43 PM
( ahhh so no relation / releveance to the Dankell Clan from the Grimblade Brothers? )
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:44 PM
No.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:45 PM
(How long did they say they had been down there? Nev wasn't there for the convo, but also Alicia doesn't remember)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:45 PM
Years, I don’t think it got specific 


