    • We reach Little Faerun seconds ahead of the column of rioters. The gates into Little Faerun are shut, and guards wearing Lady Renalia’s livery are manning the wall. Kaz yells to Lana to throw down caltrops while she begs the guards to open the gate so the party can help. Traznin Dvoor (second-in-command of Lady Renalia’s guard) yells out that he recognizes us and hurries to let us into the neighborhood and shut the door behind us.
    • We position ourselves to defend the gate. Most of the residents are sheltering in their homes. We can clearly see yugoloth footsoldiers among the crowd. Lady Renalia’s guards begin fighting the rioters as we begin fighting the fiends.
    • Kaz and Cloudsilver take to the roofs and start shooting at the fiends in the crowd. A mage in the crowd casts Cloudkill, but Smutlana blows it away with her own magic. Odo gets knocked out of his sporse transformation and goes on a raging rampage. He cleaves one of the yugoloths in two, its insectoid legs twitching and curling like a dying spider as its torso slides off. He then punches a mezzoloth to death, turns, and throws a hatchet at another mezzoloth on the roof, killing it as well.
        ◦ Cloudsilver is a dual class champion swashbuckler! He abandons Nev’s light crossbow, leaps acrobatically off the roof, and dual wields the masterwork longsword and the rainbow dagger as he joins the fray.
    • One of the mezzoloths runs up on Kaz on the roof. Lana runs up the stairs, Thorn Whips the mezzoloth off the roof and trebuchets it into the ground, doing 2x the normal fall damage (in addition to the crit Thorn Whip damage). It was sick AF.
    • Kaz steps up to the roof’s edge, still masked and in costume, and stretches her hand out. A rippling, spear-like bolt of force springs from her hand and punches a fist-sized hole in the yugoloth’s chest, and it slides over dead.
    • Traznin asks where his great aunt (Lady Renalia) is. Nev tells him that she’s in Lady Pacifera’s estate, and he says “Good. She’ll be safe there.” X(

Flashback
    • We go back a little bit in time, and we see the house on Lark street. In the house are... 
        ◦ Valentina (the tressym cat pet we’ve acquired, who I’m playing), 
        ◦ Willow (Lana’s awakened mushroom, who Mike/Odo’s player is controlling), 
        ◦ Twilight (the freed Kenku slave who Francisco/Smutlana’s player is controlling)
        ◦ Eudora (the WV spy/cook who Alicia/Nev’s player is controlling)
    • We’ve heard shouting in the distance, a little different than usual but not uncommon for the city. Someone runs by along the street and yells “Everyone! Stay inside! Stay inside!” Valentina flicks an ear toward the sound, but does not care to move. Willow and Twilight sign to each other about the mushrooms, unable to hear anything outside the basement. Eudora hears an urgent knock at the back door and looks through the peephole to see Bert Argesso, the ten-year-old neighbor, outside.
        ◦ We know that Bert’s parents are often out of town travelling the planes.
    • Bert says he saw someone nearby turn invisible, down the alley behind our house. Before he turned invisible, he was looking at our house. Eudora pushes Bert into the house and looks down the alleyway with her frying pan in her hand. The sky is filled with what looks like floating stars at first glance. Eudora soon realizes they’re embers. She can see torchlights and fire surrounding Eunethera Pacifera’s estate.
    • Eudora comes back inside and tells Bert to stay hidden in the washroom, then runs to the front door. As she goes, she yells down into the basement that there’s trouble. Twilight signs “stay down here, I’ll take care of this and come get you.” Willow grabs a Tallboy and offers it to Twilight. Twilight says “If I make a certain sound, I want you to eat the tallboy and pick up a weapon.” Willow nods grabs some rustcap dust to throw into someone’s eyes if needed, and waits at the top of the basement stairs.
        ◦ Valentina gets up, lazily stretches, and pads to the edge of the balcony to see what’s going on.
    • Eudora goes out the front door and sees that the street is empty. Valentina looks out the front door and sees a fiendish figure wearing a hooded cloak and standing right next to Eudora. Valentina plans to playfully weave around the invisible figure’s legs to reveal them, but the figure sees Valentina coming and immediately backs away. Valentina gets the sense it knows what she is and what she can do. There’s a cold look of intelligence in its eyes as it makes its way into the house.
    • Valentina recognizes that the fiend is evil, sneaking into her house/her friends’ the Far Flung Fellowship’s house, and starts growling the way a normal cat would growl at another cat, fur standing on end and wings puffed up.
    • Valentina can tell that the intruder smells faintly of brimstone, and starts hissing as it moves upstairs. Eudora moves to the kitchen to grab a knife, while Twilight signals to Willow to eat the tallboy and grab a weapon. Bert pokes his head out and asks to go home, but Willow encourages him to hide in the basement instead. Bert realizes he can escape through the basement tunnel, and Willow goes upstairs to tell the others they can escape through the tunnel.
        ◦ Before he leaves, Bert promises to see if he can find some guards.
    • Twilight follows Eudora and Valentina upstairs. Valentina sniffs the air a couple times and guesses that the intruder has likely gone upstairs to the third floor. 
    • The doorway to the servants’ quarters is open, which Eudora realizes wasn’t the case when she was last on the third floor. She enters her own room and sees that the intruder has gone through without touching anything. Valentina examines the scene and realizes the intruder has likely gone back downstairs to the second floor. She gives Eudora a meaningful look to encourage her to follow before moving back downstairs.
    • Twilight makes it up the stairs and sees that Nev’s door is open, which is unusual. He doesn’t hear anything in the room, unfortunately, so he hides outside to wait. Eudora blocks the doorway to Nev’s room and casts Wall of Force to trap the intruder inside with everyone else.
    • We hear the front door open and heavy boots tromping in. A voice calls out “Xerfilioc!” No one in the house recognizes the distinctly off-putting tone, but they all assume it’s not the guards.
        ◦ it’s Asger Fucking Mordelin, which none of the people in the house have ever met.
    • Willow creates a spore cloud in Nevaeh’s bedroom, outlining the invisible figure in spores. Eudora uses a sending stone to let Ganth know “We’re under attack by fiends. The wards are down. Please send help.” Asger walks upstairs to see what’s going on and walks into the Wall of Force with a thud.
    • From above, Luna swings down from the stairs leading to the third floor and kicks Asger in the head. The creature standing behind Asger pulls out a sword and immediately decapitates Luna.
    • Willow holds the door to Nev’s room closed to keep Asger out (even though there’s a wall of force in the way). Twilight, having seen how easily Asger killed Luna, knows that it’s not a fight that can be won and wants to preserve what family they have left. They encourage the rest of the group to climb out the room’s window and escape. Eudora climbs down a bedsheet rope and waits below. Valentina sees another invisible fiend in the alleyway, flies down and boops it on the head, then disengages and flies back up and away.
    • Asger yells angrily “What the fuck?! Xerfilioc, what did you let them do?! Stop them from getting away!” 
        ◦ Xerfilioc: “It’s locked!” 
        ◦ Asger: “Do you have a disintegrate?” 
        ◦ Xerfilioc: “…” 
        ◦ Asger: “Damn it! In through the window! Go!”
    • Eudora sees Val boop something and fly away. The invisible fiend turns visible and tries to grab Eudora, but misses. Willow makes it down as well, sees the flurry of activity, and throws the corrosive rust cap spores into the fiend’s face. Eudora runs for the chapel of Our Lady of Silver.
    • The fiend outside says “I strongly suggest that all of you stop and return to us, or your lives will be forfeit” Val, who’s hiding in the eaves of the house, is the only one who isn’t targeted and doesn’t have to make a saving throw. Eudora and Twilight are compelled by the Suggestion and believe that there’s no hope in getting away, but Willow manages to recognize the compulsion for what it is and shake it off. They try to yank the bedsheet down – with Twilight hanging onto it – catch Twilight, and run for it, but they only manage to rip the sheet from Twilight’s hands.
    • With the writing on the wall, we switch back to the Far Flung Fellowship








Present
    • As the battle ends, Traznin thanks us for our help. He suggests a guard check on the other gates and Kaz passes along Tal so that a scout can reach the other gates quickly. Lehan casts Sending to Kaz as the party deliberates on what to do next. “I have an urgent message for you. Something is amiss in your house in Sigil, and it sounded urgent. Ganth was yelling for his wand but he didn’t have it by his bed. Sorry it took so long to get this message to you”
    • We make our way home swiftly and see that our front door is wide open. Odo yells out “Get the FUCK out of our house!” and slams the open door into the wall to break it and intimidate anyone inside. Kaz and Nev notice that the curtains aren’t open, unlike when they’d left. We can still see fire and hear fighting in the distance, but most of our neighbors seem to be hiding in their homes or panic rooms.
    • We enter our home. Willow, Twilight, and Eudora are standing on the balcony with nooses around their necks. Surrounding them are Asger, Xerfilioc, and a bunch of fiends (which we’ve seen guarding Graatz’s canopy and saluting Asger with their swords in the Chasm of Utmo)
        ◦ The Captain explains that the fiends are ultraloths – immensely powerful. He fears that it’s a fight we can’t win.
    • Kaz sees Odo raring for a fight and says “Don’t run in and get yourself killed for nothin’.” She manages to convince him to hold off long enough for a parlay.
    • Smutlana looks up at the balcony and says “So look Asger. You’ve got our family. You’ve got our house. What do you want?”
        ◦ Asger: “Give me the hand mirror. I know you have it. You know what I’m talking about. Give it to me.” looks down and sees the staff, becomes apopleptic with rage “My staff! I knew you had it! Give it back!”
            ▪ Staff, to Lana: “He stopped using me when he got that shiny new one. He’s undeserving.”
            ▪ Kaz is absolutely poker faced
        ◦ Kaz: “For what? You’ll kill us the minute we hand it over.”
        ◦ Asger: “I knew you did have it. Give it to me. Give it to me or they all die”
            ▪ Odo can’t quite tell what’s going through Asger’s head, or if he’s being honest. He seems fully enraged, and just wants to kill the party.
            ▪ Kaz assumed that Asger would kill a hostage if we gave an answer he didn’t like. Even if Kaz lied about the mirror and he believed it, he wanted to kill us so badly that he’d have done it just to ease his frustration.
            ▪ The three on the railing look at us, terrified
        ◦ Eudora: “Whatever they want, don’t give it to them!”
        ◦ Nev tries to do divine intervention, but it fails. Cloudsilver murmurs to her that our presence is putting the neighborhood in danger, and we need to leave asap.
        ◦ Smutlana: “Well, if this is your staff, come take it if you want it.”
        ◦ Asger: “Are you fucking kidding me?”
        ◦ Smutlana: “The staff doesn’t want you. It chose me.”
        ◦ Asger glares down at us, incensed by the insult, then casts Blight on Willow. They die instantly.
        ◦ Kaz, genuinely startled and using it to aid her bluff, blurts out: “It’s not here! It’s not here! It’s on Faerun!”
        ◦ Asger stares her down: “Then you’d better tell me where it is. Quickly.”
        ◦ Kaz: “I buried it. Far away, where I didn’t think you’d ever find it. It’s in a locked lead case in the Anaroch desert”
        ◦ Asger: “Fine. Lay down your weapons and take us there”
        ◦ Kaz: “Look at us! We’re exhausted. We’re no threat to you, even with our weapons. We need them, just let us take them.”









Text RP
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/15/2023 2:56 PM
(What are the Ultraloths wearing? Swords, staves, light armor?) 
John Dungeon Master — 05/15/2023 3:41 PM
You just see heavy cloaks. They are holding wicked-looking swords
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/15/2023 5:43 PM
(Is Asger wearing/carrying anything?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/15/2023 5:57 PM
(Not Neko)
John Dungeon Master — 05/15/2023 7:11 PM
A staff and his red and black robe as in his picture
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/15/2023 7:16 PM
(Same staff we'd have seen on him before?)
John Dungeon Master — 05/15/2023 8:51 PM
Yes
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/17/2023 8:41 PM
Can Kaz have sent a telepathic message to Linessia while Lana and Asger were talking about the staff?
John Dungeon Master — 05/17/2023 11:00 PM
how?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/17/2023 11:00 PM
Thrall magic
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/17/2023 11:00 PM
thrall magic?!
oh shit
John Dungeon Master — 05/17/2023 11:01 PM
oh yeah, absolutely
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/17/2023 11:06 PM
As Lana baits Asger, Kaz focuses on her connection to Linessia.
“Linessia. It’s Kaz. Our home has been invaded by Asger and several very powerful fiends, and our staff have been taken hostage. We’re going to try to free them and escape with the captain. If you can, warn the estate that the tunnels beneath our house are probably compromised, and block it off as soon as you can. You may not hear from us for a while, but we’ll try to reach out if we can.”
A pause. “Also, if you happen to see a tressym around our house, her name is Valentina. Would you please take care of her for now?” 
John Dungeon Master — 05/17/2023 11:15 PM
she says "Oh! oh no Oh no!"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 05/18/2023 12:00 AM
( can Odo do some "know your enemy" during the convo on the Ultraloths? )
John Dungeon Master — 05/18/2023 12:33 AM
Sure it’s probably been a minute.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 05/18/2023 7:24 PM
Was trying to reply to “thrall magic” with that gif
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 05/18/2023 7:31 PM
( Could I get Con, AC and Class Levels on the Ultraloths then? please with a goodberry on top 🤣)
John Dungeon Master — 05/18/2023 8:52 PM
Con higher, AC same, and it doesn’t have class levels but you assess that it is more than a match for you
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/18/2023 8:58 PM
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 05/18/2023 9:16 PM
Odo tries to hide it, but after studying the Ultraloths his emotion shifts from enraged to slightly frightened but still is trying to not show that he's frightened a bit
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 05/18/2023 9:17 PM
Kaz scoots closer to press against Odo, reassuring him and seeking reassurance all at once
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 05/18/2023 9:50 PM
(assuming we could observe: the knots that are securing the rope to the top of the beam, are they of a substantial size? Is it like a clinch knot?  is it a noticably special rope that is wrapped around in a noose around both Udora and Twilight ?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/19/2023 6:02 PM
(Are Eudora and Twilight's hands, feathers?, bound also?)
John Dungeon Master — 05/19/2023 6:03 PM
Yes
Normal rope and knots
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 05/19/2023 6:04 PM
( tytyty )
