    • We emerge into Ysgard. Above us is a sprawling night sky, a glittering galaxy overhead. There’s a full moon overhead, larger than any full moon we’ve ever seen. Before us are the gleaming silver walls of the Argentil Palace, with its silver beacon tower reaching high into the sky. 
    • A flotilla of flying shadow creatures accompanies the Shar cultists. The entire force is much, much larger than the rear guard we just fought, and is surrounded by a shadowy aura as they march toward the wide open main gate, its massive doors made of solid silver. Shockingly, we see no sign that anyone is trying to defend the castle against this strike force.
        ◦ We ask Nev what’s going on – whether Selune is in a trance, or if most of the inhabitants are celestials. Nev is totally floored to be in the realm of her goddess, but she’s surprised not to see celestials or Shards or petitioners anywhere. She reaches down to touch the shimmering water, still unable to believe where she is, and finds it cool and soothing.
    • Kaz looks up at the tip of the tower and sees that something is off. Everything is glowing and emitting its own moonlight, but the very tallest tower has a domed cuppola structure with some kind of unnatural bubble of dimness around it. She also sees an open side gate that the party could slip through.
    • We creep stealthily along the walls, past substantial moon lily gardens and beautiful foliage, until we reach the side gate. In time it takes us to reach the gate, the strike force moves in through the outer wall, which is ornately decorated with alternating carved full and half moons. We hear very distant sounds of shocked screaming and battle or fleeing, so whatever is going on is largely unopposed.
        ◦ Nev spends the entire trip praying under her breath. It’s a lot to go from being accused of heresy and sentenced to die to fending off Shar cultists to entering your goddess’ realm.
    • We make our way through the complex, occasionally hiding from cultists flying on wyvern-sized shadowy creatures above us as we work our way toward the central tower. The cultists are working their way more directly toward the same tower, and they reach the courtyard beneath it before we do. They’re hurriedly getting into a circle and holding up the black rods beneath the tower when we arrive. The sounds of scattered resistance have faded.
    • Lana suggests distracting the Shar cultists to give us the opportunity to sneak around them and up the tower. Kaz guiltily proposes that she summon an aberration, though she feels like it’d be sacriligeous. While the party discusses the plan, Nev impulsively casts Greater Invisibility on herself, whispers “I’m sorry” to the party, and desperately flies up toward the shadowy bubble.
    • Kaz goes to summon an aberration, but realizes that if the Shar cultists had to use a planar portal to reach Selune’s realm, then they probably couldn’t planeshift or summon creatures either. She recalls that deities can ban planar travel and summoning in their realms, and assumes that’s likely the case within the Gates of the Moon. Instead, she casts Sickening Radiance on a group of guards across from herself, Odo, and Lana, and the three of them make a run for the tower across the courtyard. A hue and cry goes up from the crowd and the Sickening Radiance is immediately dispelled. The guards rush over to where we were, looking for the spellcaster, but the distraction is apparently successful.
    • Nev looks down, over 100ft in the air, and sees that the rods are now slowly floating into the air. The rest of the party reaches the tower door and finds it guarded by a huge shadowy figure, with ghouls around its feet.
    • Nev notices a gloamwing creature flying toward her, though she can’t tell if it sees her or if it’s just flying in her direction. It gets closer, and Nev can clearly see its owl-like rider looking directly at her, though its mount doesn’t seem able to see her.
    • Kaz tells Lana to fly up and help Nev, then grabs Odo and teleports 500 ft up and into the tower. She and Odo both fall 30 ft onto the spiralling marble staircase winding around the open center of the tower. Mercifully, the interior is empty. Kaz groans, picking herself up off the stairs. “Odo, you know that potion of speed you have? Now’s the time.” He nods seriously. “Oh, okay!”
    • Lana Wildshapes herself into an owl, then darts upward toward the top of the tower. Nev dumps a vial of holy water beneath herself while she continues to fly upward, and it lands on the fiend pursuing her. She hears it scream in pain as the water burns it, but it doesn’t seem to be vulnerable to the radiant damage from the water.
    • The fiend casts a spell at Nev, but she swerves out of the way of the worst of the lightning. She sees that its an arcanaloth as she keeps flying and it keeps blasting at her. Lana flies up to a windowsill, lands on it, drops Wildshape, and casts Polymorph on the gloamwing. It turns into another Rosemary sloth, and both it and the arcanaloth plummet to the ground. Nev continues to dash directly upward, tunnel vision taking hold. On Lana’s suggestion, she darts in through a window and keeps flying upward through the hollow center. Lana darts through as well.
    • Odo slugs his potion of speed, pulls Kaz into riding piggyback, and takes off up the stairs at 210ft per round. He’s on meth XD. 
    • None of us can see what’s at the top of the tower. We can only see a domed ceiling, where the staircase curves out of view. There are pillars holding up the staircase, with shadow behind them. A hooded shadow figure steps out from behind one of the pillars and attacks Odo and Kaz. Odo takes its claws and bites in stride and runs past it.
    • Excrecera steps out from her own shadow, draws a sword, and launches herself at Odo and Kaz. Odo reactively draws his own sword, yells out “FUCK YOU!” and swings at her as his blade turns to light. The shadows clinging to her face don’t get brighter even with the magical moonlight.
    • Odo hacks at Excrecera, but she turns and lands several nasty blows on Kaz with her own shadowy shortsword. She then makes a flurry of unarmed strikes at Kaz, only one of which hits, then heals herself with shadow magic. Kaz spits out blood, glares, and wordlessly casts Mind Warp at her. Excrecera is forced to use a legendary resistance to counter it. Odo shoves Excrecera over the edge of the stairs, but she manages to grab hold of the edge of the floor with her fingertips. He hacks at her fingertips with Marcel’s Fang until she falls, then he turns and slashes at the hooded shadow figure that appeared with her.
    • Excrecera twists in midair, then teleports through the shadows to reappear on the stairs near Nevaeh.



Errata
    • Kaz, Lana, shadow hoard, Nev, creature, Odo, Excrecera (legendary action)
    • 5 rounds for Odo and Kaz to reach the top, 7 rounds for Nev to reach the top, 3 rounds for Lana to reach the top








Text RP
(flashback, to Brin’s Haven the day after the party)
John Dungeon Master — 08/21/2023 8:21 PM
So where do we want to pick up with RP in Brin’s Haven?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 08/21/2023 8:26 PM
Kaz would probably invite Nev, Lana, Lorelei, and Rhyleigh to a slumber party. Odo would be welcome to join if he took a bath first XD
John Dungeon Master — 08/21/2023 8:46 PM
So, you go to invite the elven girls, on the 28th, and you find them sitting at a table in the Wandering Minstrel along with Angela and Erudir, who is animatedly telling a long, humorous story. Lorelei is attentively seeing to it that his glass of elven berry wine is topped off. Angela is leaning in with her elbows on the table nodding and laughing delightedly. She has some gear with her and seems to have just gotten back from a mission.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 08/21/2023 8:50 PM
(this is the night that we had the celebration right?)
John Dungeon Master — 08/21/2023 8:52 PM
(It’s the night after)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 08/21/2023 9:11 PM
(Ooh, if Angela’s back, Kaz would invite her as well)
Kaz grins as she walks up to the table. “Hope you’re not tellin’ any embarrasin’ stories about me, Da?”
John Dungeon Master — 08/21/2023 9:34 PM
As you approach, he’s just reaching the climax of the story (which Kaz has heard before; it’s about something that happened in Silverymoon before Kaz was born). The laughter is so hysterical it’s like they are having some kind of convulsive fit. Angela’s chair almost falls over backwards. They see Kaz and then laugh even harder, trying unsuccessfully to greet her and explain what’s going on without lapsing back into laughter. Erudir sips his wine calmly and looks up, hearing Kaz, his face brightens and he says “Well if it isn’t me daughter! You know I’d never tell any embarrassing stories, ‘least not without stronger wine.” He winks and drains the glass.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 08/21/2023 9:44 PM
She chuckles, rounding the table to give him a hug. Once the group’s laughter has died down enough that they can speak, she grins conspiratorially. “Well, while we’re all in town, I was thinkin’ of havin’ a sleepover. We could stay up with some snacks, braid each others’ hair, swap stories, all the usual stuff. Would you all be interested?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 4:30 PM
Nev will enter doing a little dance to the music and sit down wherever she can squeeze in.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:05 PM
Kaz scoots aside to make room for Nevaeh. “Nev, do you want to come to our slumber party?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:25 PM
"I haven't done a slumber party since...forever! I'd love a little break and a chance to hang out with you all"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:38 PM
"Excellent! I haven't had time for one in years either - Angela, don't make that face at me. Just because we lived in the same house does not mean it was a proper slumber party." She shakes her head, smiling. "Anyway. I figure we can all meet up in my room tonight. Bring blankets, we'll make a big blanket fort. Is there anythin' in particular you want to do?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:41 PM
"Mmmm, most of my makeup was sadly incinerated, otherwise that could have been fun. But hair braiding for sure, it's no fun braiding only your own hair."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:37 PM
“Oh absolutely. And we could always try to do makeup with whatever’s lyin’ around. Could be more fun that way”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:16 PM
Erudir smiles and gets up “Looks like my turn to play, have fun girls!” And he heads up to the stage as the room applauds Marsala. He plays an old ditty from the sword coast and soon has the room singing along to the chorus 🎼🎶“…Ree-raa well ye ken, our toils can wait for a time; we saw the folly of men who rather than revel repine”  🎶🎵 Angela turns to Kaz, mischievously grinning with her eyes, and says “What a dilf!” Lorelei looks between Kaz and Angela, confused. “We can talk about this all night in the blanket fort!” Rhyleigh says “c’mon then, I’ll go get my things” she stands up. Angela says “but, I wanna listen to the … okayyy”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:27 PM
(I am so pleased that DILF translates across the multiverse)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:52 PM
(God me too)
Kaz lets out an exaggerated groan, standing up from the table as well. She hums the chorus as she walks back to her room, clears the floor for her guests, and waits for everyone to arrive.
(If Lana or Odo want to jump in, feel free to assume Kaz has already invited you)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:28 PM
Nev will join with Val in tow, if she allows me.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:30 PM
Val yawns and stretches and then flys up to perch on your shoulder
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:32 PM
Yay!
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:44 PM
Kaz is delighted to see Valentina arrive as well, and spends several minutes cooing over her and petting her
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 7:08 PM
Odo sniffs the air, sniffing around, scratches his chest and the back of his neck sorta thinking back
"So uh Kaz reckon, uh, this uh, sleepover, be done like a club sleepover?"
Odo's sniffs his pits deeply and has a sour look on his face afterwards
"I done been wondering if it me"
Odo chuckles
"Ya know Kaz, it do done be like yer other friends Loreli and Ryleigh, but I suppose we all in the club, since we did done join when we moseyed on in thru that there hollow tree of yours back in your home - by that there pile of stones, the water, the flower patches and all them neat little wooden toys"
Odo's eyes widen
"KAZ!"
"Kaz, it done did just done occur to my not so sharp self, did ya ever tell Lorelli and Ryleigh that we too joined the club!?"
"I mean after all we did done share stories from an adventure with showin' what we did done get from said adventure"
"Darn, I do done think all this time, they not know that we all members now"
Odo chuckles
"Ya know, ya never did speak of dues to that there club of yours Kaz! Mayhaps I do done pay my dues in some abyssal chicken jerky"
Odo winks
"Reckon I never did done try to widdle out a little wooden toy instrument, seem like my fat sausage fingers be not that dexterious to do such work but reckon I'd give it a try nonetheless" 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 7:16 PM
"No, it's not a club sleepover, Angela's comin' as well. I did tell Lorelei and Rhyleigh that you all joined though." She sees Odo's expression and wrinkles her nose. "You're welcome to bring any snacks you like, but you do have to be clean to stay" 
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 7:21 PM
"Oh! Angela's a comin', ahhh"
Odo sighs
"I do done still feel mighty bad for Angela's loss"
"Figure she's still done been processin' things now..."
"But ya right, reckon I do need to clean up regardless, even my face done be sour, maybe it still be some that there goop that clung to me after we got back on the ship and I spent the night in the pool"
Odo nods
"Reckon it aint actually that but nonetheless"
Odo chuckles
"I go find me a few buckets of some cold water and a trough"
( Odo wanders off to go bug Jander to take a cold plunge & scrub down in a horse trough if there is one around )
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 7:26 PM
Kaz sighs. "Aye. She seems to be doin' better, at least, especially now that she's got missions and the like to focus on. I'm hoping that tonight takes her mind off it even more."
She looks relieved when Odo turns to go find a bath. "We'll save some food for you when you get back" she calls after him.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:09 PM
At some point in the slumber party, there's a game of Truth or Dare in which Kaz confesses to falling into the River Rauvin after pulling an all-nighter to study for an exam, and trying (completely unsuccessfully) to catch fish with her bare hands.
