    • Bloodfire oozes seep out onto the path ahead of us and behind us, trapping the Far Flung Fellowship between them on a 3-ft ledge beside a trough of smelly sewer-water.
    • The party manages to blast the oozes apart, dispel the magical trap ahead, and move further into the labyrinth of tunnels. Kaz slips as the party climbs a slick iron ladder beside a waterfall, but fortunately Odo catches her before she can fall too far.
    • After passing through several more passageways, we come to a large room with a trough of fast-flowing water crossing the center. The water flows through a grate on one side of the room and into a large glowing portal on the other side. The top of the room looks like an inverted pyramid, with pipes dumping raw sewage onto a dome-shaped structure held up by several pillars. The sewage splashes down beside multiple piles of trash, which lunge at Kaz when she looks them over for clues as to what the Black Rings are throwing away. Odo gets swallowed by one of the trash monsters, but manages to slice his way out
    • A strange tentacle-creature (balhannoth) swoops from the ceiling and attacks Nevaeh, grappling her and pulling her upward. Lana Misty Steps on top of it, only to get grappeled himself.
    • The balhannoth drops Lana and Nev, turns invisible, and flies to the other side of the central structure. Kaz just hears it moving, darts over, and manages to blast it apart.





    • As the party catches their breaths, they all hear dozens of clanking steps crossing over the grate above and stopping. We hear two voices, one speaking Infernal and one speaking Abyssal.
        ◦ “Can you not understand me? Yugoloth?” The two argue in Infernal and Abyssal for a moment, before the first one says 
          Voice 1 (yugoloth): “Speak Common, fool! This is a dead magic zone, your thought speech won’t work. Who are you?”
          Voice 2 (beatezu/devil): “7th legion 4th cohort of Archduchess Glasya”
          Voice 1: “Glasya. Well, we’ll be seeing your mistress soon then.”
          Voice 2: “We’re tracking trespassers.”
          Voice 1: “Very well. Be about your task.”
    • We hear the clanging steps walk away. Then there’s metal scraping and clunking as if a trapdoor in the grate above us has been opened, and the sound of chains dangling into our room (chain ladder). Four bearded devils climb down, spy the party, and start attacking. We fight back, kill two almost immediately, and send the other two running back for the ladder. Odo catches up to one, knocks it to the ground, says “Tell Asmodeus I said hello” and cuts it to pieces.
    • Each bearded devil burns up when it dies, leaving only the medallions they were wearing around their necks and their glaives. Each medallion has a compartment with a little silver chain looped around a black ring. Realizing that the black rings might act like security passes, we each take a medallion and put it on, then climb up the chain ladder. We pass several pieces of thrown-out parchment with chunks of distinguishable Abyssal writing, stuck to the walls where they’ve been thrown out. Kaz grabs as many as she can and shoves them into the bag of holding  to investigate later.
    • We emerge into an enormous atrium that isn’t exactly a part of the sewers, but is a sort of dumping ground. Patrols seem to regularly pass along the bottom, so we climb up to a balcony with a door and slip into the tunnel beyond, locking the door behind us.
    • At the end of the hallway is a trapdoor. Kaz casts Detect Magic and senses one creature thinking “I need some food. I’m hungry. It’s been too long since I’ve eaten human flesh” She senses another creature thinking “We need to prepare for the trip. What should I bring? I want a promotion. The mistress… this assignment’s so important”
    • Kaz starts casting Warp Sense. Two minutes in, Nevaeh’s conjured celestial is discovered in the room below. We hear a voice say through the trapdoor “Ah, let the devils deal with it. Nothing in the scrying sensor.” The rest of the party listens as the devils destroy the summoned celestial.
        ◦ The voice sounds like the Yugoloth second voice from the earlier conversation.













Text RP
John Dungeon Master — 02/07/2023 6:53 PM
Ok so, the commotion continues outside the door but then fades away down the hall. Another 2 minutes go by. It’s now minute 5. Do you guys do anything?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/07/2023 6:59 PM
(Wasn't @Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper  exploring other doors/rooms as a rat?)
John Dungeon Master — 02/07/2023 6:59 PM
(You had discussed that ooc)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/07/2023 7:41 PM
Kaz glances at Lana. “I know we considered havin’ Lana search the other rooms and report back, but that might take too long. We might just want to sneak out now, with Lana scouting ahead, and all of us find a spot to hide”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 02/08/2023 10:45 AM
(John, can we presume we have a morse code like system for communication for simple things like "come, go back hide, stay, danger"?)
(cuz if Lana turns into a centipede, Lana can scout ahead and use hissing to communicate)
(centipedes have remarkable sense of smell and touch for vibrations, so being able to detect comings and goings should be a cinch)
John Dungeon Master — 02/08/2023 10:47 AM
(I’m ok with you having Morse code for simple things, cause it’s been months and you probably would, but what centipede can actually hiss?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 02/08/2023 10:49 AM
(they force air through the spiracles)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 02/08/2023 10:49 AM
(some tarantulas "hiss" but it's really just them rubbing their fangs together to make a scary sound)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 02/08/2023 11:03 AM
(yeah centipedes seem to do the hissing for the same reason, as a threat)
(sounds like a chittering)
(some of them rub their legs together as well, evidently)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 02/08/2023 8:13 PM
(So the plan is to all sneak out of the hallway, with Lana scouting ahead?)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 02/09/2023 5:31 PM
( Odo would want to assist to steathfully help open the door whenever the door is to be opened )
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 02/11/2023 1:22 PM
(Ok Smutlana is gonna centipedify and make a go of it)
(Along the way, looking for cracks deep enough and sensing for vibrations of coming folks, looking for a safe empty room)
John Dungeon Master — 02/11/2023 1:23 PM
(Ok lets pick up there when we play, I still have prep to do, in case you survive)
