Dramatis Personae










Kasma Talfen / Kaz Planewalker (Half-elven warlock)	       Zuggtboy Smutwhisper (Kenku druid)











	Odo Falcanspur (Human fighter)				    Lyesgiel (Harengon ranger)
A Journey Begins

The beginning of Mirtul (May) found Kaz Planewalker and Zuggtboy Smutwhisper walking through the summer-green hills bordering the Grayvale Run. The two had met as part of a caravan travelling from Loudwater, and became friendly when they realized that they were both splitting off from the main caravan just past Llorkh to reach a mine/archaeological dig site located in the Grayvale mountains. 

Kaz and Zuggtboy met a member of the archaeology expedition waiting for mail at the turnoff. He introduced himself as Odo Falcanspur, son of the noble funding the dig. The three made their way down the winding path to the company town, chatting and swapping stories about what had brought them to the same part of the world. Odo was looking for glory and heroism to prove himself to his family, while Kaz was curious about the ancient relics unearthed by the dig and Zuggtboy was looking for a path to the Underdark.

Suddenly, a figure darted across their path, pursued by bandits. Odo saw murder in the bandits’ eyes and sprang into action, attacking the bandits to drive them off. Zuggtboy’s radiant spores melted off one bandit’s face, while Kaz blasted another clear across the clearing. They and their new ally swiftly killed off the remaining bandits, keeping one alive to question back at the mining camp.

Back on the road, the bandits’ quarry eventually introduced himself as Lyesgiel. The bandits had kidnapped him to press him for the location of the nearest interplanar portal, though he chose not to share that with the rest of the party. Lyesgiel had chewed through his ropes and snuck away from the bandit camp, though his escape was quickly discovered. The party began to sense that Lyesgiel wasn’t just reticent – he was also a little dumb. Though wary of strangers, he chose to continue on with Odo, Kaz, and Zuggtboy in the direction of the portal.

The mining town was rough, but sturdy. A tall spiked wooden fence surrounded the buildings, which squatted atop a defensible hill. A water-filled ditch served as a moat at the hill’s base. The guards on duty easily allowed the rest of the party to pass once they saw Odo. He, Kaz, Zuggtboy, and Lyesgiel turned over the bandit prisoner and head into town to eat, drink, and relax.

Chatting with the townsfolk in Emmy Applehill’s ale house revealed that nobody really knew what the expedition was digging for, beyond the vague description that they were “relics of ancient civilizations.” Nobody knew if any relics had been uncovered in the town’s three year history, either save that the town was still funded so the mining operation must be profitable. Unbeknownst to anyone, Kaz skimmed the townsfolk’s surface thoughts, learning that recent events in the mine had left everyone on edge. Lyesgiel opened up to the party about his portal-sensing abilities and mentioned that there was a “mushroom circle” beneath the mountain, sparking further speculation.

Having exhausted their other leads, the party went to speak with Gilbert Orenson, the Waterdeep archaeologist leading the archaeological expedition and the de facto law of the town. Orenson’s home was a hodgepodge of towers and odd architecture, sitting directly above the mine entrance. A three-year-old boy played with his dog Pooh in the yard outside. Lady Thealana Rhydell, an elven mage reputed to be of fairly significant power, stood nearby to enjoy the evening air. Rumor had it that she was the part of the town’s mercenary force responsible for warding off dragon attacks, should any occur.

Odo led the party to Orenson’s office, lamenting that Orenson wouldn’t let him inside the mine itself at risk of Odo getting injured and his father pulling the expedition’s funding. Orenson himself was a venerable looking man, older than most folks in town. His office was fairly well outfitted, with plenty of scrolls and old leatherbound tomes tucked neatly into shelves lining the walls. The party introduced themselves and expressed their interest in joining the archaeological expedition. 

Orenson nearly mistook Zuggtboy’s name for that of a demoness named Zuggtmoy, but Zuggtboy said it was a common mistake. He reassured Orenson that he’d become a sworn enemy of Zuggtmoy when he fell in with a group of lizardfolk, went on a spiritual mushroom trip, and met the god Psilofyr, who gave him his new name and the ability to speak on his own.  Orenson seemed to recognize the name Psilofyr, but didn’t comment. He also looked nervous when Kaz let slip that she knew what artifacts the expedition was searching for, wary of others stealing his work. Kaz just managed to catch his wariness, and after a bit of back-and-forth, came clean and said that while she knew what was in the tunnels, she had no interest in taking any of the artifacts for herself – only in studying their interdimensional properties. He looked intrigued by that, perhaps surprised to learn that the artifacts had interdimensional properties, but still insisted that he discuss Kaz’s background with her at a later date before he’d consider letting her in on the expedition.

Official interviews for Kaz, Zuggtboy, and Lyesgiel would have to wait, however, as several miners had recently disappeared in the tunnels, and Orenson wouldn’t hire anyone else until the problem was resolved. He claimed that he didn’t know what could be causing the disappearances, but Kaz suspected he was lying. A loud BANG from the nearby mineshaft door interrupted her attempt to read into his behavior, followed by panicked yelling from the miners trapped within. Orenson and head miner Damien Blackmore rushed to open the doors, the party following hot on their heels. The trapped miners fled the moment the door opened, pursued by a monstrous aberration. Fungus grew from its gill slits, and it clung to the cave ceiling with milky white tentacles, looking straight at the party. 

