    • Smutlana starts going by she/her sometimes
    • we head to the meeting point at Everitt’s Crag with Angela, who hides in the trees around the back of the crag
        ◦ Nev finds an extremely rare magical mushroom along the way, something that has to do with restoring something to magic-users (Spelliferous Truffle – a spellcaster can regain a spell slot of 5th level or lower if they eat the mushroom)
    • There are three bladelike pillars of rock sticking up from the mound of rock, forming the crag. Between the three pillars is a depression, and at the bottom is a pool of water. It’s fully dark when we arrive, and the moon isn’t out yet.
    • Around midnight, we hear the sound of someone climbing up the ridge. We see a red dragonborn cupping a flame in their hand. We recognize him as Unsarek, one of the Red Reapers of Rezoradrath. “So. It’s you” he says, with barely contained rage
        ◦ Kaz can’t detect his thoughts
    • Zug senses another humanoid scaling stealthily the opposite pillar from Unsarek, entirely covered in cloth. Kaz hears a third humanoid crawling up the crag opposite the Far Flung Fellowship
    • “So thieves, you have stolen from Rezoradrath. You will pay recompense NOW” Unsarek demands. “And before you ask, we do have information on your dad.” He pulls out a jade cage on a chain around his neck “You wouldn’t know, but he’s closer than you think.”
        ◦ we think its a bluff, since Asger is the one who captured Kaz’s dad, and he’s probably not working with Resoradrath. BUT THEN AGAIN why say “you wouldn’t know”?
    • We try to persuade them that we didn’t steal anything, but Unsarek says that he doesn’t really care, he just has a quota to meet and demands all our valuables. Kaz spits at his feet, calls him a bully, and combat kicks off.
        ◦ Kaz claims that Asger Mordelin was the one to steal the loot from Resorodrath. Unsarek may have recognized the name, especially since we assume that he was the “helpful wizard” who told Resorodrath about our “theft”
        ◦ Unsarek is aided by Lorgesh (plate-armored hobgoblin), Screech (leather-armored tiefling with bottles of liquid strapped to his belt), and a black-swathed motherfucker with a poisoned crossbow
    • Kaz screams at Unsarek  “How dare you use my father against me?!”, Hexes him, and blasts him. Seeing Unsarek and his companions continue to paralyze and hurt her party, she hurls another eldritch blast at him as she screams “How dare you hurt my friends!”
    • Unsarek and Lorgesh, seeing that the battle is going poorly, turn and run from the fight. Angela continues to fire at them as they flee and GETS A NAT 20 AND MAX DAMAGE on her shot. We hear Unsarek yell “Ugh! Where did it go?” a pause “Tiamat’s curse on you! We have to go! Lorgash! Portal!” Kaz takes a longing look after them, still furious, then turns around and casts Shocking Grasp on Lorgash, who screeches in pain.
    • Lorgash continues to fight, engaged with Kaz and Odo. Frustrated, Unsarek yells “Lorgash! Get over here! Ugh, damn it, I lost it!”
    • Nevaeh flies around the rock formation and blasts Unsarek with a Guiding Bolt
    • Screech throws a bottle on the bottom and a huge black opaque cloud erupts like a smoke bomb. Lana casts Entangle to trap the fleeing Red Reapers. Odo slugs back the Haste potion, runs all the way around the rock formation, and knocks Unsarek unconsious
    • Screech lights one of his bottles up and casts an extra-nasty blast of fire directly at Odo. Lana casts Wither & Bloom (a spell granted to him by Psilofyr) on the entangled group and Odo, allowing Odo to heal himself while the Red Reapers suffer. Lana yells “That’s what friends are spore!”
    • We continue to whittle down our enemies, killing the black-swathed Merto and knocking Unsarek unconscious several times. Finally, Unsarek gets back up and yells “We have to go!” We hear him teleport himself and Screech away, leaving the entangled Lorgash behind to die.
        ◦ Merto was humanoid, but incredibly pale and cold
    • Kaz waves Angela back, then sets herself to searching for the jade cage. She finds it after several minutes, wedged between two rocks.
    • Kaz uses the Rod of Understanding to cast Identify on the jade cage. She learns that it’s a component of an Imprisonment spell, and contains an imprisoned being in a pocket dimension. Kaz immediately puts on the cage necklace.
        ◦ A teary-eyed Kaz grabs Angela in a grateful hug, and she pats Kaz on the back to comfort her. The rest of the party joins in.
    • We make our way back to Silverymoon, and Angela (a frequent night hunter) convinces the guards to let us in. We head to the Blue Swan, a tavern near the commons
    • The next morning, we go to visit Tinkerreach to ask about the Imprisonment spell. She’s shocked by the Imprisonment spell itself being cast against Kaz’s dad of all people and sympathetic towards Kaz about the cruelty of her father being used against her.
    • Tinkerreach: “I wanted to tell you actually. I found this.” She produces a small green stone with runes on it “I found it where that quasit demon was hiding.” She explains that it’s a Sending stone the demon was using to contact someone (demons can be enslaved by wizards)
        ◦ Kaz: “Hello there” Unsarek: “You! I will find you! And kill you!” The party unanimously decides to keep the stone and send Unsarek “U up?” and “What are you wearing tonight? ;)” messages every day to annoy him.
    • Tinkerreach brings the party to ask her colleague Teverin (an old man with liver spots) about Imprisonment spells. They have a long, arcane conversation that Kaz can just pick out bits and pieces of. He says it takes a very powerful Dispel Magic to break the curse, and that he’s willing to help. With a bright flash, the spell breaks, and Kaz’s dad appears, very confused, as if no time has passed for him. Kaz runs forward and hugs him tightly.
    • Kaz thanks Teverin and Tinkerreach, and she, her dad, and the party head to a tavern to catch up and explain everything.
        ◦ He met up with the Fort Gilbert refugees in Loudwater, who told him that they’d seen Kaz and her friends go underground and not to keep going because the way ahead was dangerous. He went anyway because he was worried about Kaz, and found the smoldering remains of Fort Gilbert. He went underground and met the myconids, who had also met Kaz, which is where our vision of him picked up.
        ◦ He admits he was on the way to find Kaz when she first contacted him and he said he was at home, and reached Asger a few days after we disappeared.
        ◦ He starts playing his lute, and he’s good. The whole tavern starts listening
        ◦ Kaz explains that she’s living in Sigil (“It’s in another plane”). Lana mentions that we’ve hired servants for our new home, and Erudir looks surprised. “It all seems a bit posh” Kaz mutters in Elvish. Erudir just looks impressed, and replies “You’re moving up in the world”
        ◦ Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/02/2022
          The whole time, Kaz is leaning into her dad's side
          Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/02/2022
          Nev is just gonna glassy-eyed stare at them, so cute but sad.
    • We rent horses and escort Erudir back to the High Forest, to make sure he’s safe. We return to Tinkerreach’s study to take the portal door back to Sigil, promising to call ahead if we need to use the portal again. As we’re about to leave, Tinkerreach catches Kaz by the shoulder and says “You know, I remembered what that bald man was asking about. He seemed interested in the Netherese mythallar. Do you know anything about them?” Concerned about listening ears, Kaz telepathically tells her that the Netherese were using the mirror to create mythallar by breaking it
    • We return home and meet a plump, middle-aged human woman coming out of the kitchen. She introduces herself as Eudora, the cook
        ◦ Odo expresses interest in learning to cook. Nevaeh casts Guidance on Eudora, and says “You’ll need it” Between Eudora and the rest of us, we convince Odo that he shouldn’t interfere in the kitchen
        ◦ we learn that Jeverin’s full name is Jeverin Zatwick
    • After a few days resting, we get back to finding Nevaeh’s dad. Kaz spreads out a planar map on the dining room table. Odo remembers that Nevaeh said that her dad was from Arborea, specifically the Forest of Whrith. We decide it’s our only lead and that we should ask other eladrins there if 
        ◦ Kaz hasn’t heard of the Forest of Whrith (its a big plane), but Avandor is home to the afterlife of most elves. The elven pantheon of gods mostly dwells there. It’s not unlike the Feywild in many ways – you find lots of mirth and good-humored mischief. 
            ▪ Avandor also has bacchai – wandering revelers who don’t know when to stop partying
        ◦ The spirits of the dead take form in the spiritual home of their soul, but memories are not maintained. Going to any random plane, you’d expect that plenty of people you’d meet would be “petitioners” whether they knew it or not.
    • We get a courrier note from Brien Delrais at Rizvald’s Street Rarities & Relics: “I have ascertained that the item which you asked about was sourced from Exterra Trading Company. They believe the trader who obtained it would know its provenance, and you’d need to go to Yeoman and ask for him at their home office (they can direct you to him).
        ◦ Yeoman is a city in the plane of Bytopia
    • We find a mention of the Forest of Writh in a larger book about Arborea in the library. It’s a large forested region with eladrin who travel nomadically through the region. We also see warnings that provoking strange creatures or the eladrin themselves could be very dangerous (the eladrin don’t always understand that mortals don’t like to die)
        ◦ the plane has multiple layers, which can be accessed via various paths and portals. The book documents various well-known portals and paths, though Kaz knows that planar geography can shift
            ▪ Avandor: layer 1
            ▪ Osa: layer 2, entirely ocean, home to sea elves
            ▪ Peleon: layer 3, endless desert of white sand, ‘gods/powers once inhabited it’
    • In the middle of our research, Odo hears a message in his mind. “Odo! It’s your uncle Jasper” (the gnommish wizard who traveled with Odo’s father, doesn’t live in Waterdeep). “Your father is getting worried about you, because you haven’t been writing. Please respond.” Odo stays silent.
        ◦ Jasper: “Odo? Are you there? Can you respond? Please respond immediately” 
        ◦ Odo: “I can hear you, I’m fine, don’t worry about me.” 
        ◦ Jasper: “Oh Odo, thank the gods. Where are you?” 
        ◦ Odo: “Oh I’ve just been in Sigil” 
        ◦ Jasper: “SIGIL?! The City of Doors?” 
        ◦ Odo: “It has mighty fine doors” 
        ◦ Jasper: “He doesn’t seem happy about that. He says to come home, he wants to talk to you.”
        ◦ Odo: “I won’t disappoint pops. Tell my father I’ll be home soon”
    • We decide our next step is to find a portal directly to the Forest of Whrith, and that Jevrin might know where one is. We run into Priestess Asara while we’re waiting at the Efrione estate
        ◦ she says we can get to Ysgard through the World Tree Yggdrasil, which Kaz knows is a plane-spanning tree whose roots originate in Hades. You can travel by walking along its branches to any plane.
            ▪ Selune lives in Ysgard, in the Gates of the Moon (her realm)
        ◦ she shyly waves at the guard captain, Raif Donlee, as he passes by. Love is in the air
    • Jevrin checks the Efrione portal index and discovers that there’s a portal to Whrith. He gives us its location (in a rare stable for beasts of burden, in the lower ward) and its key is a ceramic cup
        ◦ We know that portals can shift locations and destinations, or disappear entirely. Some portals are one way, which can be dangerous.
    • As we’re walking home, Kaz suggests getting the party’s portrait painted to hang over the fireplace. Everyone loves the idea, and a bit of asking around in the city about less famous artists (aka, more affordable commissions) reveals that a group portrait will cost about 50 gold.

Errata
According to John, neither Erudir nor Angela had to survive that encounter O_O.

Text RP
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/04/2022
A dozen assorted items surround Kaz’s planar map on the dining room table, holding down the corners of the parchment and crammed into any available free space. Kaz stands at the head of the table, checking off each item against a list in her journal. “Planar sextant, extra provisions, rope… I think that’s all the basics.” She turns to the rest of the party, casting a sympathetic glance at Nevaeh. “If your da is in the Forest of Whrith… I think we ought to try to cuff him with these.” She holds up the planar manacles. “I don’t like the idea of keepin’ him locked up, but it would at least keep him with us until we can figure out what’s goin’ on”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/04/2022
Smutlana wipes his beak and hands clean with a washcloth from Eudora, thanks her and hands it back with intention. Then he places a neatly folded net in alignment with the other provisions, adds a new row of fabulously exotic mushrooms, and joins Kaz at the table.
“What do we know about his strengths and weaknesses? The Watchful Voyagers managed to subdue him, what intel did we get from them on how? Should we try to get a hold of them to get something more?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/04/2022
She drums her fingers against her lips. “Not a bad idea. We can come up with a short list of questions to ask and I can cast Sending to them”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/04/2022
“Well certainly some of the information will come from people who knew him in Arborea, and that will help. And it's doubtful we'll find him there.”
“But as for asking the Watchful Voyagers... one thing is, how did they manage to prevent him from immediately teleporting? He was able to do so instantaneously last time, if I remember correctly.”
“If there were a way to catch him by surprise and stun him, then put on the manacles, that could work.”
“Or lure him into an area where there was no escape. I could create hallucinatory terrain, but it's actually a lead cage?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/04/2022
Kaz sighs. “From what I know, it’s the lead itself that blocks teleportation. Hallucinatory terrain might work as a bluff, assumin’ Branaris doesn’t see through it, but it won’t actually stop him. And aye, I don’t expect to find him there, but it can’t hurt to be prepared”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/04/2022
I'm just saying, if we were able to find a huge lead cage, hide it in a natural environment, then I could make it look like I dunno a cave or something and lure him in. Shut the gate with Odo in there. Fire spells at him until he's subdued enough to throw the manacles on, and then I dunno, go from there. 
None of us have any imprisonment spells... do we?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/04/2022
Kaz flinches. “I’m not flingin’ spells at a trapped man, and certainly not Nev’s da!”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/04/2022
“If it means saving him when he's possessed by demons?? Kaz, we're not going to kill him. We just need to do whatever we need to in order to subdue him.
I mean, if I could get a polymorph on him. Rosemary is much less prone to egress.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/04/2022
She shakes her head. “We already know he’s not possessed.” Her shoulders slump with relief at Lana’s suggestion. “Polymorph would work. I could try to Banish him, but he could probably Planeshift out”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/04/2022
“He could still be under some kind of insidious influence, if not possessed. We don’t know for sure.
To get off the polymorph I might need a couple tries
We might do best to disable him and weaken him in some way first
Nevaeh, do you have any objects that belonged to Branaris?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/04/2022
“When I um...took my last breath...and saw the vision of my mother - when this necklace saved me - she told me it was a gift from my father and was blessed by Selune. So, this is all I physically have of his.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/06/2022
Odo stands nearby, looking over everything layed out on the dining table and snacking on some abyssal chicken jerky
"Ahhh, reckon it is quiet the spread with that there planar sextant, them manacles and all Kaz!"
He shakes his head. "It done be a damn shame that I just done couldn't get to them grubby little hands of that their Ooon-sir-wreck...damn shame...woulda done put them manacles ya had done given me to borrow on him"
Odo sighs. "Reckon Nevayuh's pops might not take too kindly to being knocked around with spells - also, not sure, but I done figure he prolly be mighty powerful in his own right"
Odo smiles at Eudora, winks, as he snags a small bite of food.
"Wellp, I done figure that maybe a cave or something if it convincing enough, I could get him to follow me in there or somethin'"
Odo perks up more looking back out towards the front door pensive
"Ay, how bout this, I done cover myself in honey, and be a challengin' him to a wrastlin' match... we do wrastlin, and I just win...yup, that all I gotta do is win, and when I done win, then one of y'all peeks up all sneaky like and tosses on them manacles on him.  Though maybe I need some oil, not so much honey... maybe some oil from the fat drippings of some Abyssal Chicken.   But we both gotta done be covered in oil... maybe bring a bucket of oil for him to, cuz I reckon he'd have to accept a wrastlin' match.   I'd of course be wrastlin, no gear, just ya know, as I did done come into the world I figure"
Odo self confidently nods to himself with a coy smile and smirk looking out the window near the front door, convincing himself he's gonna wrastle Nevayuh's pops
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/06/2022
Kaz laughs. "I reckon if ye were that convincin', Odo, you could get him to just come back with us. I won't lie though, 'twould be funny to watch you"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/06/2022
Lana smiles tenderly at Nev “Yes, that would do under normal circumstances, Moon Maiden, but Selune has explained that he is otherwise actively guarded from divination magic. However, we could still use scrying for other of our affairs, or to indirectly find information about him. Now, if we're going to pull that off, we're going to need a proper scrying focus.”
“We can get one in the city, but we need to find one that suits both of us. So for me, that means no metal. And for you, that means nothing foul or desecrated. This compromise is a delicate one, because my first thought would be an empty hollowed out skull, which simply wouldn't do, now would it? No, it wouldn't do at all... No matter. Let's be off and find it before we take off!”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/06/2022
Kaz grabs Lana's sleeve. "Hold on there. I've studied Scrying a bit. Thought about learnin' to cast it myself, actually, but it only works if the target is on the same plane"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/06/2022
Her free hand brushes against the scroll of Planar Binding, and she glances down at it, then jolts with surprise. "Wait! Nevaeh! Maybe your da is bound by somethin' like this!" She lets go of Lana's sleeve and picks up the spell scroll, unfurling it so she can read it. "He wouldn't be charmed or cursed, so any magical spell searchin' for that would just come back that he was actin' of his own free will. And, if the caster is powerful enough, it can last a year and a day, which would cover how long he's been actin' strange"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/06/2022
“If we’re going to do any scrying, we’ll need a focus though. So we should fetch a suitable one before heading to Arborea”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/07/2022
“What spell are you talking about, Kaz? 
And, I don't know much about scrying, I thought we needed something of his, bur if not, then what kind of focus do we need?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/07/2022
She holds up the scroll. “Somethin’ like this one. Planar Binding, it’s called.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/07/2022
“So we have a couple things to do before we set off
We gotta get a scrying focus, and we need to reach out to the Watchful Voyagers”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/07/2022
Kaz nods. “I can reach out to them now, ask them how they captured Branaris in the first place. Any other questions you’d all like to ask?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/07/2022
“Specifically, how can we keep him from planeshifting long enough to subdue him?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/07/2022
“Alright then.” Kaz pulls a bit of copper wire from her bag, twirling it around her finger as she casts Sending to Ganth. “Planning how to capture Branaris. How did you do it and stop him from planeshifting?”
John Dungeon Master — 07/07/2022
“With great difficulty. I wouldn’t recommend trying on your own. Let me know if you find him”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:06 AM
“When Moon Daddy disappeared the first time, did he cast a spell or… did he just disappear?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 2:15 AM
“Okay, so Ganth isn't going to help us.
I'm pretty sure he cast a spell, seemed like he was being stifled by the room until that point.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:32 AM
“Ok if he cast a spell, that means he can be silenced.
If he can’t speak, or can’t move his hands, one or both of those, then he can’t cast a spell.
In that moment of casting the spell, Odo could tackle him, and Kaz and myself can cast various control spells. Then I can run up and get the manacles on him.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:38 PM
Kaz hums thoughtfully. “Ganth seemed to be offerin’ his help, actually. But I don’t think it’s a good idea to take him up on it. He and the rest of the Watchful Voyagers might try to take over the whole operation and keep Branaris with them again.”
“As for a spell like Silence, we won’t be able to cast much in its range either, and Branaris can run out of its area. It would work well with your trap idea, though”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:41 PM
“You're right. That didn't work out for Branaris the first time.
If we know where Branaris could be, we stakeout the area and stay hidden, both physically and magically. Make it so that he can't hear us cast the silence, but well within range for Odo to physically pounce on him. So as Odo runs up, the silence is cast, and at the same time Kaz and Lana cast their control spells. Some of them might not work, and Odo might not be able to grab his hands to prevent any somatic components of the spell, so we need everything we can get. After we try to lock him down with spells and hopefully with Odo's grappling, we can get the manacles on.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:54 PM
Kaz nods slowly. “That’s solid enough for now. We can fine-tune once we have a better idea of where he is. Once we have him though, we’ll have to keep him secure until we can find out what’s wrong with him. We’ll have the advantage if we take ‘im back to Sigil, since he won’t be able to Planeshift, but we’ll have to keep it a secret from the Vigilant Sentinels. Torbold said in no uncertain terms not to trust Lord Querial, and I’d rather keep the circle of people ‘in the know’ as small as possible”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:55 PM
“By the spores, this sounds and feels like a kidnapping more than a rescue.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:55 PM
She shrugs, a bit awkward. “It is a kidnappin’”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:56 PM
“If it wasn't for it being Nevaeh's Moon Daddy, I don't think I could agree to it. The crazy thing is that we have to keep it a secret until we get him to Sigil. And where would we bring him - here??
My god, we'd basically be kidnapping someone and smuggling them into the City of Doors
We're already wanted criminals in Mechanus... which is something we have to resolve... how many more planes can we possibly be criminals in...
How do we transport him - put him to sleep?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 12:59 PM
Kaz sighs. “It would be easier if we were to catch Branaris after we found out what was wrong, and how to fix it. We don’t exactly have the resources to hold prisoners ourselves, and I’d rather not involve Lady Renalia if we can avoid it. But I don’t like the idea of leaving him out in the cold until we figure it out either”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:59 PM
“We can't very well be dragging a screaming manacled celestial through the city to our basement”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:00 PM
She winces. “No, we certainly can’t.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 1:01 PM
“Well... we could take him back to the safehouse in Acheron... we know that there's a proper place to keep him there”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:02 PM
“We could. A powerful sleeping enchantment would help as well, but Ganth implied that Branaris was a very powerful caster. It would be difficult to do without weakening him.” She sighs again. “I’m sorry Nev, but the more I think about this, the less I believe we’ll be able to bring your father in peacefully”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 1:03 PM
“We'd have to disable his hands and his voice.
Like, maybe find a magical implement that, when worn, inhibits any spellcasting
And make sure it's strong enough to keep him from just brute-forcing his spells though it (ooc: like if he casts a 7th level spell but the device only stops 5th level)
My god at this point, if we have to buy all this magical gear, it might be cheaper to just hire some professionals”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:10 PM
“Or, it may simply be a matter of learnin’ the right spells to bind him, rather than purchasin’ extra equipment.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 1:22 PM
“It's the spells and the plan. Depending on where the portal is, how do we get him from the portal to here?
We can put him to sleep before we go through the portal, but how do we hide him on the way here?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:52 PM
“I don't like any of this. I don't want to have to trap him, and Odo jumping on him sounds like it'll end badly for everyone. He is powerful, very, of his own accord. And we have no idea what's currently going on with him that could be making him more powerful and volatile. I think we should get to Arborea and find out what we can about what's going on with him before we start planning a... Kidnapping. I think we'd be crazy to expect to trap a celestial on their own home plane.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 1:56 PM
“Agreed. Perhaps we’ll find a better option speakin’ with those who knew him”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 2:06 PM
Odo nods
"True, reckon' the consensual wrastlin' match was what I done been thinking of ya know."
Odo lookin towards Nevaeh
"I...I wouldn't...I wouldn't wanna do anything that hurt Nevayuh's pops."
Odo looking over towards Smutlana
"Ya think...maybe we could just talk with him?"
Odo now thinking pensively looking up
"Reckon... oOOoO... reckon..."
"Ah"
"errr, I don't know.  still fixin' to try to wrap my head around why Nevayuh's pops had to leave so quickly.  Ya know maybe there done be something mighty important... and we wouldn't wanna interfere."
Odo thinking more
"Maybe we done could just go chatter with Nevayuh's pops if we see him in Arborea and ask him if he needs our help"
Odo then sighing
"But if he doin' stuff that ain't stuff we'd do...like if he sick in the noggin and doing some things that don't make sense...I done figure we should be encouragin' him to get some treatment"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 2:56 PM
Kaz sighs as well. “I agree that offerin’ him treatment is the better option. What would we offer, though? We don’t know what’s wrong.”
She turns back to look at the planar map, still spread across the table. “Regardless, if he’s somehow being controlled by demons or devils, I doubt he’ll be in Arborea. Even if we see him, Nev’s right. We’d be crazy to try to trap him there.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 3:36 PM
Smutlana sheepishly rolls up his net
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 3:38 PM
“As for future traps or plans or other ideas… regardless of what we find in Arborea, I leave the final word to Nevaeh. He’s her da.” She leans over to give Nev a hug, if she wants one
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 4:44 PM
(Always!) “And yeah, we don't know if we'll find him there anyways. Unfortunately.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:48 PM
Kaz squeezes Nev tightly, then lets go after a moment. Her gaze falls on the Planar Binding scroll again. “At least we have a lead on what might cause your da to act so strangely, with so little trace.” She trails off thoughtfully.
(Do I know if Detect Magic would identify someone under the effects of Planar Binding? Or if Lesser/Greater Restoration would break it?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 6:52 PM
(Roll an Arcana check)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:56 PM
(13)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:31 PM
(you think it probably would)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:33 PM
(the restoration, or the detect magic?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:35 PM
(oh you think it might require dispelling the magical effect. Greater restoration is clerical magic so that you're not sure about)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:35 PM
(but would Detect Magic pick it up?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:35 PM
(yes you think so)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 8:47 PM
(ooOoOoOooOoOo)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:49 PM
(I’m intrigued)
