    • It’s the second of Eliasus
    • Jevrin hands us a set of folders containing job applications from prospective footmen. We know we want someone who can do basic footman tasks (like drawing up a bath), someone who can make basic repairs to the house, and someone with a good memory for names and faces (in case we get any mysterious messengers)
    • our criteria are met by a human named Norman, who comes well recommended. His prior experience comes from working in Lady Renalia’s estate (was only doing fix-it jobs there, looking to move to a more domestic role). 
        ◦ Price: 8 silver per day. With the cook, the total is 17 silver per day
    • Nev and Lana go out shopping for a scrying focus, with Kaz and Odo tagging along. 
        ◦ Odo meets Akin, the fox-headed proprietor of the Friendly Fiend, a magical supply shop. Odo studies the crystal balls, and Akin gives him a color-changing marble for free
        ◦ Nev, Lana, and Kaz stop in the velvet-padded waiting room of the place next door. Gresgor Faltho is our attendant. Lana explains that she and Nev want a scrying focus, and Gresgor brings us an irridescent bowl made of a piece of Flail Snail shell as a scrying focus (Flail Snails are native to the plane of Elemental Earth, and their shells are ENORMOUS and expensive). Nev and Zug decide to purchase it
    • We head to the portal to the Forest of Whrith. We pass the Foundry ward, which is dense with smog. We reach the portal, activate it, and pass through. We emerge in the mouth of a grotto. A clear stream flows out of the grotto past us into a beautiful sunlit world. 
        ◦ Nev is holding back tears, happy to be home. Kaz is glad to hear birdsong again. Odo and Lana are happy that it smells pleasant.
    • Past us, we can see the tops of trees near our feet. We get closer and see a cliff edge dropping down hundreds of feet, the bottoms of the trees disappearing into the darkness below. 6in long bees buzz around us, pollinating enormous flowers at the tops of the trees.
    • Nevaeh buries the feathers from the pegasi who died in the Netherese vault, happy to have finally returned them to the upper planes where they belong
    • After some deliberation on how to get down, Lana wildshapes into an eagle, flies out, and finds a giant owl. She casts Dominate Beast on the owl and gets it to fly back to the cliff where the rest of the Far Flung Fellowship is waiting. She tries to recast it, but the owl angrily manages to shrug off the spell and starts pecking at him. Kaz reads the owl’s mind to figure out what’s going on, then apologizes on Lana’s behalf. Odo offers it some jerky, which it cautiously takes and flies off, mollified.
        ◦ Lana: “Nev! Guess WHO I found!”
    • Lana casts Gaseous Form one by one on each party member, allowing them to safely drift down to the base of the cliff. Kaz goes first, reaching the bottom.
    • Branches and dead leaves are piled up in heaps around the bases of the trees. It’s pitch dark and smells dank. After a couple minutes, Kaz sees a creature in the shadows of the brush (an etterkap). It sees her as well, and charges her, slashing into her shoulder. Kaz yelps in pain and casts Dissonant Whispers on it, and it clutches its head and charges away into the brush.
    • We rest for a bit. Kaz uses the planar sextant to see the ghostly images of a mountain and of enormous tree branches, both VAST distances away.
        ◦ Mount Olympus is the famous mountain on this level of Arborea. Yggdrasil is the giant tree.
    • We decide to head in the direction of Yggdrasil, using it as a landmark to navigate by. Another etterkap comes near at one point, but doesn’t engage, possibly spooked by the magical light on Odo’s sword or by the group’s numbers.
    • Without warning, dozens of etterkaps start running toward us from behind and from the front. Kaz yells for everyone to get clear of the creatures, but gets attacked before she can get clear herself. Odo selflessly interposes himself between her and the etterkaps, and they twirl around each other back-to-back as they switch places. Kaz whirls out of her spin facing the creatures and claps her hands together, shattering the world around the etterkaps.
    • The etterkaps don’t want to fuck with us after Kaz shatters them twice, so they run off. We keep hiking until we get tired, then set up camp for the night. Nev casts Leomud’s Tiny Hut, but it’s suddenly dispelled after an hour. We hear a high-pitched voice giggle from the darkness, accompanied by tiny wingbeats. It tries to cast some spell on us, but Kaz casts Intellect Fortress on Nevaeh and Odo, and we collectively manage to resist whatever spell it casts. Nev and Kaz hear it say “aw rats!” in Celestial.
    • Kaz offers up some wine to the coure eladrins, but none of them take her up on it. Nev tries to play some music on her flute, but one cries back “We don’t like people who hurt animals!”
    • We find out that they’re upset we hurt the owl and want us to leave. Kaz calls back that we’re looking for Branaris, and ask if she’s heard of him. A 1ft tall woman with dragonfly wings comes out of the foliage, a stern look on her face, and says she’s never heard of him. 
    • Nevaeh explains her story, and the woman suspiciously accuses us of being spies. None of us know who we’d be spying FOR. The woman casts Dispel Magic on Nevaeh, but when she doesn’t turn into a demon or anything, she relaxes slightly.
    • She explains that the eladrin all live in the trees, and that only spies and etterkaps hang out on the forest floor. We have to explain that we can’t fly or climb through the upper tree branches (this seems to come as a surprise to them).
        ◦ Kaz apologizes for being rude and asks what she can call the woman. The woman doesn’t want to give her name in case Kaz is an evil sorceress, but Kaz reassures her that it doesn’t need to be her name. She decides to call herself Anna for the time being.
    • The coure eladrins decide to get someone else to find out what to do with us. They leave and come back with an elven-looking celestial, wearing ornate armor with swirls of gold. “Welcome. Tell me who you are” he says in Common. We introduce ourselves. “You can call me Enterion” he says.
        ◦ “I am told you cast a hostile spell on one of the residents of the forest out of the blue. For this you should be banished permanently from this plane. How can you explain what you’ve done?”
        ◦ Lana explains that we were just trying to reach the ground, and had no other way to communicate with the owl. Enterion seems unimpressed. Kaz admits that what we did was wrong, and that we’d like to make it up to the owl if we can.
        ◦ Enterion decides that Lana will have to apologize to Ullala, the owl
    • Enterion looks over to Nevaeh, noting that she has eladrin blood. She explains that she’s looking for her dad, Branaris. Enterion recognizes him as being from the Court of Durastra, a Ghaele eladrin. After a moment’s thought, he agrees to call some friends to help us reach the Court of Durastra.
    • The friends turn out to be four pegasi. One touches its head to Nevaeh’s, grateful that she’s cared for the other pegasus’ feathers for so long. We fly upward into blinding sunlight and over the treetops, then down into the upper canopy and onto a huge branch. Every building is sculpted from the trees around us. Extremely tall eladrin walk between the buildings, staring at us curiously.
    • Enterion escorts us past a pair of eladrin guards with swords at their belt, stopping briefly to explain the situation to them. We walk into a great hall with enormous rafters, filled with floating motes of light. A glowing woman in a diaphanous gown reclines on a throne at the far end of the room, one leg over the armrest. Lady Durastra’s glowing eyes pierce us as we walk in (Kaz is uncomfortably reminded of the Githzerai prior).
    • Nevaeh explains who she is and that Branaris is her father. “So. You’re the bastard” Lady Durastra says. Hurt, Nevaeh forges on and explains that she’s been looking for him. Lady Durastra reveals that she’s also been looking for him, but was equally unsuccessful.
        ◦ “You know, if it weren’t for you, he would still be here. Why would he want some human bitch?”
    • Kaz steps in and asks if Lady Durastra knows anything about what magic could cause Branaris to betray his principles and give information to demons without leaving a trace. She doesn’t know. She asks her what could hide him from divination magics, but Lady Durastra doesn’t know. She asks her where he would go if he were fleeing and she says “Right here, in front of me” Kas asks why and she says “Because we were LOVERS!”
    • Odo, frustrated that the whole conversation has been in Celestial, reveals that we’ve seen Branaris before and he teleported away. Suddenly, Lady Durastra is interested. She demands to know where he was, suspicious that we were fooled by an illusion or an impostor. We explain that he was in Akkaron. Nevaeh brings out her painting, and Durastra admits that it DOES look like him.
    • “Come with me” she snaps her fingers, and we can all suddenly fly. She takes off out the door and over the canopy, astonishing all the other eladrin. We follow her to a 15ft rock monument in the shape of a pi symbol at the top of the nearby Mount Whrith. She climbs to the top of the monument, spreads her hands, and her eyes go dark. She seems to look around for a moment, but apparently doesn’t find him.
    • She gestures Nevaeh to come to the top of the stairs. “From this point, the power of Whrith allows one to see even across the planes. Look and see if you can find him”. She instructs Nevaeh to concentrate and further explains. “The power of Mount Whrith will show you what you most NEED to see. It’s not infinitely powerful though.”
    • Nevaeh’s vision goes dark. She sees the planes, flashes of scenes before her eyes. Fuzzy static in front of her eyes tries to form the shape of her father and failing. More scenes pass by. Suddenly, she sees a city. There’s a girl with gray skin, horns, and bat wings wearing some kind of costume looking up at a hulking fiend and making bedroom eyes at it.
        ◦ The final prophecy in the book is The Eschatology of Hecorius (the Last Prophecy of Hecorius). It’s been partly lost, but the remaining text says “when a fell prince and princess
          vile in unholy union beget a child… and then shorn of all ruth [ruthless] shall alone remain
          the mightiest unyeilding lords who with fire and sword shall rule and eschewth weakness
          and mercy”
    • Lady Durastra encourages the rest of us to look. Kaz does the same, sees snippets of worlds flash by. Suddenly she sees a windswept desert with a dust storm. Emerging from a sheet of dust is a hideous creature. Kaz’ vision pans out, and Kaz sees it looking over an enormous pit in which there are hundreds of fungally infested fiend creatures hauling dirt out. The first creature descends a ramp, pushes aside its minions, picks something up, and looks at it. It’s a tiny metal ten-pointed star. The star was old and very corroded, but Kaz could JUST make out that one of the tips was gold. This was Voekt’s necklace
        ◦ “Nothin’ about Branaris. I’m sorry” she says to Lady Durastra, then shakily climbs back down the stairs.
    • Odo goes next. He insists on going up the ramp “the way he came into this world” and gets naked. Lady Durastra laughs. John decides to DM ODO WHAT HE SEES (“it doesn’t make a lot of sense” John says, but apparently Odo recognizes it). Odo comes back panting heavily and SCREAMS with rage, then goes to sit down.
    • Lana goes last. Visions of other worlds rapidly slide by, and then she sees a number of huge hulking fiends in a building, seated around a giant metal table. Dim light, flickering fires. Ranjat Dor’alkaba enters the room and bows, then produces a scroll like the one we grabbed off of him. He unfurls it and places it on the table. One of the fiends nods.
    • Lady Durastra sits down on the steps, putting her elbow on her knee and her chin in her hand. She admits she also couldn’t see Branaris, but she did see a vision of Nevaeh. She seems subdued, and nicer to Nevaeh, finally asking for her name. “Nice to meet you. You look like him”
    • Lady Durastra is more willing to share what she knows about Branaris. “The last I saw him, he was about to go off tracking those Shar followers to one of the lower planes. He told me he was going to come right back. He took his little friend Frederick. He was going somewhere where Frederick could guide him.”
        ◦ Frederick was a risen fiend, one of Branaris’ projects (opposite of a fallen celestial. Extremely rare, very remarkable). Formerly an incubus. Apparently Frederick fell through a portal and ended up in Arborea. Rather than slicing his head off, Branaris decided to be nice to him, and it worked so well he stopped being a fiend (as far as the story goes).
    • Lady Durastra apologizes to Nev for being unkind, and says “I’m sure your mother was a very nice human”
    • Odo continues to act aggravated. Lana can tell that Odo is teetering on the edge of melancholy and sheer rage. (He’s also taken a class level of barbarian). Durastra casts Calm Emotions on Odo.
    • Lady Durastra teleports us back to her throne room. Now that she’s “all riled up”, she relaxes on her throne, plucking at a string instrument.
    • We speak to the twins Trisys and Kivara, Branaris’ two closest friends. They have bright red hair and are carrying instruments (a lyre and a hand drum).
        ◦ When eladrin travel to the mortal realm, they are required by the laws of the universe not to use their eladrin powers. But he did, and so he was banished. He was devastated. He spent 30 years in Arborea tracking the same evil beings (followers of Shar) who attacked and caused him to have to leave Nevaeh and her mother behind. He disappeared while doing that and they haven’t seen him since.
        ◦ The eladrin court travels around, and never spends more than a night in the same place. Buildings just appear and fade out, and people really only own what they can carry. The eladrin tend to live in the moment.
    • Odo continues to be aggro, suggesting that Trisys and Kivara were under a spell of some sort. Kaz threatens to Banish him if he keeps it up, and Lana deescalates by walking Odo out of the room for a bit.
    • Trisys and Kivara offer us some drinks, and play us some heartbreakingly beautiful music. It’s about a prince that traveled to a faraway land and didn’t return, and we can tell it’s really about Branaris.
        ◦ When offered a glass of wine, Odo crushes it in his hand.
    • Kaz establishes a Sending connection with Kivara, just in case we ever get news of Branaris
    • Kivara pulls a small pearl on a chain out of her pocket and gives it to Nev, since it was once Branaris’ (It’s a pearl of power)
    • Durastra teleports us back to our original door to Sigil. Kaz reaches out to Nevaeh because she’s worried about Odo and they both pray for him.
Text RP
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/10/2022
On returning to the home, despite the exhaustion, Smutlana takes great effort to collect the most fragrant and suitable of mushrooms that were dessicated/preserved prior to leaving for Arborea and constructs Odo a mattress in his sleeping closet, with a top layer of hay. Beneath the hay, she puts a layer of the healing white lace mixed with dreamstools, with no sheets and no pillows.
“There you have it, Odo. I grew up having to make beds like this for myself, so I think this should do you well.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/10/2022
Odo nods while also being mentally exhausted
"Thank ya kindly"
Odo drops gear by the door to the closet
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/10/2022
Before putting Odo to rest and shutting the door to his sleeping hole, Smutlana wraps her arms around Odo's bulking, naked frame for a big hug and rocks deliberately side to side for some time. “I think I understand now. You're OK just like this. Now get yourself some rest, you've earned it. Oh, and don't forget this, I think you'll sleep better with it.”
Smutlana picks up the pyrogenic sword and hands it over to Odo.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/10/2022
Odo nods, smiles, and dozes off
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/11/2022
The following morning, Kaz makes her way downstairs to Odo’s closet. She knocks on the door, softly calling out. “Odo? How are you feelin’?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 12:01 AM
Smutlana mirthfully sashays into the kitchen wearing her piwafwi on top of pajamas, looking well rested and chipper as always. She pauses and flicks a limp wrist at Odo’s closet. “Oh he’s fine. I made him a mush mattress and topped it with hay last night. Put him to bed in it. I’m sure he’s in there zonked out, happy as a pig in shit.”
She slices some fresh bread and smears fruit preserves on it for breakfast as her morning tea steeps, speaking freely. “I heard you and Nevaeh are praying for him. Is that so? Are you worried?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:11 AM
Nev comes around with her hair wrapped up in a huge towel, wearing a robe. “Yes. For all of us, but especially Odo. I didn't get a lot of sleep last night, but the morning soak helped ease my mind some.” She sits down at the table, letting her hair down, and starts towel drying it. It looks like liquid gold when wet and is ridiculously curly. “Is there more hot water for some tea for me?” She eyes the fruit preserves. “And maybe some bread too.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:37 AM
“There's always enough for the Moon Maiden. Kaz, fancy an infusion as well?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 10:39 AM
Kaz nods. “Aye, I’ll take some, thank ye. And the prayer last night helped steady my mind some as well, thank ye Nev.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:46 AM
Smutlana prepares the infusions and passes the mugs around the table. In a compassionately socratic tone, she asks the two others, "So do you think something is wrong with Odo? Or do you think something is right?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 10:54 AM
Kaz bites her lip, twirling a bit of hair around her finger. "Whatever he saw on Mount Whrith seemed to shake him badly. He's not normally so... violent towards people without provocation"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:07 AM
“Yes, that made me panic a bit. Those eladrin could have annihilated us in the flash of an eye if they wanted, but I guess they were so fucking drunk and capricious not to really care. But we've seen some of this behavior before from Odo. I don't think it's an aberration, I think there's a history, and therefore a pattern.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 11:10 AM
She sighs. "I suppose you're right. This time just seemed particularly bad. I hope he feels better this morning" 
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:26 AM
“It was particularly bad, yes, and I think it will only get worse unless we change something about how we understand Odo himself. This and other of his behavior might seem inappropriate for a Waterdeep noble, but is absolutely consistent with that of... well... a savage, raging barbarian.”
“If that's what he is becoming, or if that's what he always was, and it is just now bursting out of him at the seams, then why shouldn't we acknowledge that and give him the support he needs to become who he is?
Maybe the problem isn't Odo, the problem is how we as a team are understanding him. There is indeed a place in this world, as much for the savage wolf as much as there is for the timid lamb. This is balance. Both extremes and everything in between are all part of the cycle. It is our duty to understand where each of us, and each other, fall in that continuum.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 11:32 AM
Kaz nods firmly. "Aye. He's always been a bit rough-around-the-edges for a noble, what with his manners and his insistence on sleeping in piles of hay. If we support him, help him wield his anger constructively, then perhaps he won't be so quick to lash out unprovoked"
She tilts her head upward, thinking. "We should try a bit of sparring, blow off some steam"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:35 AM
“Absolutely! That's a constructive idea. In fact, we could all learn a thing or two from Odo in sparring. And if he ever needs to push his limits a bit and REALLY blow off some steam, then I can be the one to absorb that. I can take a huge amount of attacks and not actually suffer any injuries.
We can also just be mindful of this in social situations and de-escalate proactively. Not quite sure how to do this, but I'm willing to try and learn. I've used something in other contexts, it might be useful here. It's called a ‘safe word’. Ever heard of it?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 11:38 AM
"We could also buy him a training dummy. It seems... wrong, to have Odo take out the worst of his anger on us." She shrugs. "As fer social situations, I'm more than happy to take the lead on talkin' to others. I appreciated how you handled Odo's outbursts with the Eladrin"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:47 AM
“If there's one thing I know about wild animals, especially predators, it's that they need the feedback of their prey. They need to be engaged. I don't consider it "attack" or "sadism", I consider it "play". It's perfectly normal and healthy, and I'd like to encourage it as much as we can, but in healthy and productive ways. We have to understand that they're not evil, they're just savage. This is how they're built, and they're built this way for very good and natural reasons.”
“The goal is to bring out his rage and let it breathe, and with practice, he will learn to control it. And we can be here to help him get there is all I'm saying.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 11:48 AM
Kaz snorts. "I wouldn't call it 'play' but I take your point. And aye, it sounds like we're in agreement that helping Odo control his anger is what would help him most."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:52 AM
“Yes, it's probably best that you and Nevaeh take the lead. I'll hang back with Odo. But it should be noted that his instincts for when to jump in and start ripping shit to pieces are not to be discounted. That's what saved Lady Renalia to begin with, if you recall, and if not for him that creature might have gotten to her first. And if it had, we wouldn't have this table and this house to be discussing the issue at all.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 11:54 AM
"Aye, I trusted his instincts then, and I'll continue to trust them in the future." She smiles "I'm not completely unaware of how nature works, Lana. I grew up in the High Forest"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:58 AM
“Ha! Well it's settled then. You can be Odo's first chew toy.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:00 PM
She chuckles. "Assumin' he could land a hit before I took him down"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 12:03 PM
“Speaking of people whose powers we should be worried about if they were fully unleashed...” Smutlana cocks an eyebrow and takes a dramatically long, loud slurp from her tea.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:04 PM
Kaz blushes. Unsure how to respond, she takes a bite of her toast and changes the subject. "You know... I've been thinking about that scroll we stole off of Ranjat. The one that will let us contact creatures on other planes, I mean." She laughs, a bit embarrassed. "Looking at the spell scroll now, I can see the differences between it and the glyphs on that mirror. They're subtle enough I can see how someone would make the mistake, if they were glancing over it quickly." She waves a hand, putting herself back on track. "Anyway. I'd like to contact Exilicor with the spell, but it's very difficult and will strain my mind quite a bit. I'd appreciate it if you all could help me stay focused and present while I cast it."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 11:53 AM
“When you think it's time to reach out, we've always got your back. Is there anything we can do to prepare or support you? When you reach out, is... anything gonna reach back out to us??”
“What I mean is that are there any precautions or safeguards to take, for you or ourselves?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:02 PM
Kaz chews thoughtfully, and swallows before speaking. "If I successfully make contact, I imagine I'll hear what Exilicor has to say in my mind. The main difficulty will be shieldin' my mind and my capacity to reason against the strain. I know Nevaeh has a few spells that could help with that. If I don't succeed... I won't be in my right mind for a while. I recall that Greater Restoration helped after the mirror knocked me unconscious, but I imagine I could also sleep off the effects." 
(Kaz has to pass a DC15 INT save to ask questions, or take 6d6 psychic damage and go insane)
She smiles reassuringly. "It shouldn't have any effect on you, though"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 12:04 PM
(OOC fucking hell. ok. well, intel fortress could help.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:04 PM
(Oh it could! I didn't even think of that)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Today at 12:07 PM
Intellect Fortress
3rd-level abjuration. (Artificer, Bard, Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard)
Meta
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 30 feet
Components: V
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 hour
Description
For the duration, you or one willing creature you can see within range has resistance to psychic damage, as well as advantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws.
At Higher Levels
When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 4th level or higher, you can target one additional creature for each slot level above 3rd. The creatures must be within 30 feet of each other when you target them.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper
Contact Other Plane
5th-level divination. (Warlock, Wizard)
Meta
Casting Time: 1 minute (ritual)
Range: Self
Components: V
Duration: 1 minute
Description
You mentally contact a demigod, the spirit of a long- dead sage, or some other mysterious entity from another plane. Contacting this extraplanar intelligence can strain or even break your mind. When you cast this spell, make a DC 15 Intelligence saving throw. On a failure, you take 6d6 psychic damage and are insane until you finish a long rest. While insane, you can't take actions, can't understand what other creatures say, can't read, and speak only in gibberish. A greater restoration spell cast on you ends this effect.

On a successful save, you can ask the entity up to five questions. You must ask your questions before the spell ends. The GM answers each question with one word, such as "yes," "no," "maybe," "never," "irrelevant," or "unclear" (if the entity doesn't know the answer to the question). If a one-word answer would be misleading, the GM might instead offer a short phrase as an answer.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:30 AM
(I can prep greater restoration. It is morning after all. I'm also going to prep Commune...in case...) 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:14 PM
Kaz turns to Nevaeh. "There's one other thing. Now that I know how to cast this spell, I think I could use it to contact your da, as well. I think I'd only be able to hold the spell long enough to ask about five questions, so I came up with a list of possibilities." She slides her journal over to Nevaeh. It's open to the list.
1.) What plane are you on?
2.) Where on [whichever plane he says] are you?
3.) Are you and Fredryk okay?
4.) Why did you flee from Nevaeh?
5.) Can we trust the Watchful Voyagers?
Kaz keeps talking, starting to ramble a bit. "If you had any better ideas, or other things you wanted to ask him, I could change the questions. He'd only be able to send back an answer that's one word long, maybe a few words if he really pushes, and... yeah" she trails off awkwardly, looking to the others for their reactions. 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/14/2022
“He's certainly going to wonder how we know about Fredryk. I wonder if that will be the question he'll get stuck on...”
“Maybe if he can only respond with one word, we could narrow down why he fled like... ‘Did you flee for our safety or your own?’ Something like that?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/14/2022
"Mmm, good idea." Kaz crosses out the question in her journal, writing Nevaeh's version above.
"I can only hold onto the spell for a minute, unfortunately." she bites her lip. "It... is a type of divination magic, so if your da is truly cut off from any sort of divination, it may not work anyway. But I think we have a shot"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/14/2022
I hope so. I don't know what else we can do. Or...where we can go. At least Fredryk may be a start if it comes down to it?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/14/2022
"Fredryk's existence is certainly a lead." She taps her pen against her lip. "We ought to have a few backup questions, in case yer da doesn't know where he is."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/14/2022
“My mind's a bit fuzzy, yesterday was a bit overload for a lot of us...do you recall if we found out exactly where Fredryk was found?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/14/2022
She flips back a page, then shakes her head. "Just that he fell through into Arborea. Presumably in the Forest of Whrith, given that your da was the one to find him. I doubt the eladrin would have kept track of the exact location anyway."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/14/2022
“Fell...”
“I mean, I don't think they fall UP, so I guess maybe he could have come through a portal?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/14/2022
"Well, technically the portal could have appeared in the sky above the forest, but Lady Durastra seemed to imply that your da went to confront him in the same way that Enterion confronted us. Perhaps 'stumbled through' is the better word for how he arrived in Arborea" 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/14/2022
“Hmmm.”
“At least an incubus with tufts of angel wings will probably be something people will remember, if they've ever seen him.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/14/2022
"It certainly implies that neither the Vigilant Sentinels nor the Watchful Voyagers had seen him. Clearly Branaris had his reservations"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/14/2022
She nods in agreement.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:47 PM
Odo rustles around in the closet bedroom, starting to get himself collected and dressed
“Hmmmmmmmmm”
Odo murmers to himself in the closet, door still closed, he moves some hay around
“Ahh”
Odo opens the door to the closet carefully, as if trying to not wake anyone if anyone is still sleeping
“Oh”
Odo looks out and catches a glimpse of the party all gathered and awake
“Ah”
Odo with a bit of an embarrassed look on his face that then uh turns on to a sigh of relief, walking up towards the rest of the party seeing everyone gathered.
“Reckon, I done be mighty thankful…that all of ya’s was around to help me get back here and outta Arborea…”
Odo sighs
“I was to say the least, a bit on edge…  Though, I done felt that way ever since we layed foot inside Lady D’Nastree’othous’s place…reckon, just seeing her body language there on the throne …seeing Kaz you tense up a bit when she done not been talking in Common… it just felt as if she initially could done care less ‘bout things… I just didn’t like that one bit…how…how could she be so frustratin’-lee apple-thetic like that…Then I guess we did done hear her start to talk in Common a bit…before we all were given that ability to soar high like that owl that I guess done got sick from the salt-cured abyssal chicken as we voyaged over yonder to that there Mount Whrith where all that stone monument done be…”

Odo sighs a bit more
“I was for certain then maybe if we all was taking turns like we could done be trying to approach at that edge like lettin’ that there ritualistic Eladrin-like thing take affect…well…I mean at this point anything for us to done be able to find Nevayuh’s pops, I figure is worth a shot…but I still had not been to sure ‘bout the whole nature of it…still did done just feel a tad uneasy”

Odo kinda glancing around at everyone in the party, looking briefly at the loaf of bread

“I wanted to help…but the moment I got closer up there it done started to feel like when we had to done prove ourselves to the Giff-Zorai because of that old fella…and I was held deep in the grasps of that mindflayer as the back of my noggin started to have that deathly sensation…”

Odo shudders a bit

“I…I reckon that initial feeling was just the start, then it did done just felt like nothin’ but hot coals on my feet mixed with that sense of you also treddin’ water out there way away from some land… I...”

Odo sits down on the floor

"That feeling was just the beginning… to… to what I had done seen…it felt so real…and so utterly terrifying and infuriating all at once… like the deepest sadness…mixed with the most anger… I… my body done felt that way.”

“I saw flashes of myself, healing, my leg injured… as a young version of me… on the verge of death, starving… in some sorta makeshift shelter… while I was alone… in the woods.”
“More flashes came in waves… two bear cubs… they came… closer… I was terrified.”
“Another flash was a bigger bear…resembling a lot of what Emmalot kinda looked like… seemed to be related to the cubs.”
“My noggin was spinnin’...but I did done see more… my leg recovering, having food, fish berries, me playing with the cubs, many moons, I was close with them all, we had shelter in a cave, all getting cuddled up…”
Odo stammers…sighs
“But …it did done feel like… felt like family… I saw the final flash… hearing noises of what I done think were those covered in armor in the twilight of the moon… approaching footsteps, a group came through the cave entrance, the big bear, who I done figure was the mother, she, she went to protect us…like she always had… she sacrificed herself as she was slaughtered in front of me by them… as I was screaming… shouting… trying to stop them, there was nothing I could do… nothing… the cubs, I did done throw my body up as a blocker when one tried to attack one of them, I watched them run off and escape… I was on the ground with the mother bear, as I done had got hit …her last breathes even as she was dying, she was trying to protect me… she… she wasn’t Abigail… my real mother… but she did done feel like my truest mother…I can’t explain it…I was overwhelmed”

Odo sighs

“I saw red, …as if my world done been washed with the same color blood that Lysigel bled after that bastard Asger Mordelon slain them down out in front of us as Lysigel done sacrificed themselves for us to make that escape… or even a bit like seeing that there Pegasus die and Nevayuh done go down when we was dealing with all them Gnothic in the caves… and it was like pulsating… this red.  I felt like I could done have more power than I ever done felt before… like a boulder fallin’ from a mighty high height squashin’ that there Soveringn Rosa-lee-ah… like… I felt like I couldn’t control it tho… almost like when we watched Smutlana have that there slime crawl outta them’s beak…”

Odo scratches his nose

“I’ve never done felt like that before… I … I didn’t know all that been happenin’… I couldn’t trust anything about being there in Arborea…”

Odo looks at his hand which crushed a wine glass, seeing the remnants of cuts… also drifting back and looking at his scar on his arm in a crude shape of the Pegasus.

“I… I didn’t want anyone to hurt any of y’all… I … I felt like it wasn’t right to be there in that moment… there was a moment where I did after briefly feel a tad calmer in emotions and all… but it just built back up… I couldn’t get past what I had done felt and seen… I… I reckon, that maybe it done been something I needed to see… I just done figure that maybe I done didn’t need to see it right there… or maybe it was some other thing where they done were trying to control us… or… I… I don’t know… I couldn’t trust it… I don’t know if I could trust them… why… why would those in such ‘heavenly’ regards… put suffering onto any of us through an experience like that… I know… I know my sister Tammy the oldest done volunteer at the Temple of Selune… and my family done loosely follow the same deity of sorts ol’ Sir Gondreain does… but… but it just… I can’t explain it all…”

Odo tries to hide his watery eyes a little shaking it off stands up

“I’m sorry… for… for not knowing how to control myself best out there…  If… if that done mean, that y’all would rather have me not be round y’all… I’d… I’d understand… I would, I do, I do want to done be better… I just figure I done gotta work through all this… how, how done can I make this better?  I figure… me bein’ sorry ain’t nothing but a minnow in a big pond… it done take something more mighty… something actionable”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 1:57 PM
"Oh Odo." Kaz stands, a bit teary-eyed herself, and walks over to hug him. "I'm so sorry. For what happened to ye, and for yellin' at ye with the Eladrin. I didn't know what was goin' on, and I was scared they'd take offense and hurt you, but ya didn't deserve it." she sniffles. "Of course I don't want you to leave. You're one of my closest friends, and I'll help you learn how to control this anger and the power that it brings. We all will."
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 2:14 PM
Odo embraces Kaz lightly, briefly, before letting go, still ashamed of himself. He nods with a slight smile towards Kaz
"Many thanks Kaz. You also done be one of my closest friends. All of y'all have done been my closest friends."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 2:20 PM
Kaz gives Odo one last squeeze before letting go as well and wiping her eyes. "Aye. And, thank ye for always protectin' us. It means a lot"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
Looking at the Pegasus scar, Smutlana cocks her head and ponders aloud “You know Odo, I get it that you have an urge to carve stories into your skin. It’s calming, it helps you remember, it helps you feel alive, right? And I know it doesn’t hurt you as much as it might hurt the rest of us, I think you’re just built tougher in that way, and so it just doesn’t seem like as big of a deal to you. And it isn’t a big deal, actually. But instead of cutting yourself randomly, whaddya think about being more deliberate about it, and getting some tattoos instead? That’s something I know is common and encouraged amongst barbarian tribes.”
“The courtesans back at Ranjat’s lair would always preach that decorative mutilation is something best left to the professionals.” Lana cocks her head to the other side “…technically I think they were talking about waxing their eyebrows and bikini lines, but I think the point still stands, dontcha think?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/13/2022
Odo nods
"Welp I ain't a part of no tribe like Bognar was...reckon this scar is pretty mighty ugly to look at tho...figure maybe making it look a bit better to look at a mighty good idea.  Moving forward done figure maybe that be what I need to be thinking bout bit more..."
Odo sighs
"Suppose it done be mostly so I don't forget things ...having a reminder be mighty useful as my noggin ain't as sharp as y'all's"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
“You’re certainly not dumb, though. And it’s nice to keep reminders of your past with you” she glances over at her journal, where a few letters poke out from between the pages. “What would ye get as a tattoo?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/13/2022
Odo thinks
"Hmmmm reckon it be fitting to get something of that pegasus to cover up that scar.  Also reckon get Lysigel, get them put somewhere on me.  And get Terzio too somewhere maybe....and Heimlich...the lizard...and Amwin's name.  Figure it good to collect these things."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
She smiles. “They sound lovely. I imagine there’s no shortage of artists here, though I’ve heard you need to find one with a clean shop”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
“I don’t know if Sigil has barbarian tattoos. I think we should go to an actual tribe for that.”
Smutlana pauses as if waiting for a question
… and then quickly gives up. “Ok, well, if you’re going to twist my arm then I’ll tell you my tattoo idea. What about something that makes a bold statement about beauty, strength, and nature, but is also, like, cerebral and classy, but don’t forget playful and fun like it says ‘yes I’m serious but I don’t take myself too seriously ALL THE TIME?’, right??” With druidcraft spores, Smutlana manifests a design across the table 
“It’s a mushroom tramp stamp!!”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/13/2022
Odo smiles
"Reckon we should get some of them so called tattoos that have the ink like from a quill of a pen together.  Reckon I don't know much bout how you been saying of Barbarian tribes ...other than Bognar...realm sorts...  You saying though these there tattoos done can be for everybody?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
“Anyone can get one! It’s probably one of the guaranteed best ways to piss off your parents.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/13/2022
Odo's eyebrows raise and then nods as if not fully understanding but definitely somewhat understanding
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
“I don’t think you’d want to join Bognar’s tribe. But maybe we can get some tattoos from a tribe that hasn’t tried to kill us.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/13/2022
"reckon I done not wanna join nobody's tribe, methinks.  Unless we decide that this here Far Flung Fellowship done be a tribe"
Odo thinks
"I'd get get them letters all fanciful put on me somewhere... preferably where they done could all be read without wrapping around to my backside or something "
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
“Honestly, based on your vision Odo, do you think you have a tribe??
Do we need to go on another… DaddyQuest?!!!?!??!!!????!??????!!!!!?!?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/13/2022
Odo looks surprised and confused
"Uh I uh, no.. reckon there ain't no tribe I be intending to be with or even I not even know of.  Do ya think what I done had experienced...that that done mean I done be a part of a tribe? I uh...done didn't think nothing of it being a done ya know related to a tribe...uh"
Odo reasonably confused blinks his eyes a few times stares back at the loaf of bread
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
“What were you doing out in the woods with a bunch of bears as a kid? Or… baby? How old were you in the vision?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/13/2022
Odo scratches his head and sighs
"I uh reckon I don't know too too much other than I done did feel in what I saw and felt that I was feeling mighty lost ...it was young me...maybe no higher than yeay tall" (ooc: 6/7yrs old) "I wound up there. ..lost I done figure...it felt like"...Odo thinks "The woods ...I think...they uh...mighta been not far from Waterdeep...but I uh don't know too well.   I still reckon I can't make sense of it all..."
Odo thinks some more
"maybe more make sense to me when I had a bit o something to eat"
Odo goes to prepare some food
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
Kaz tilts her head thoughtfully. “If yer not gettin’ a tribal tattoo, then how about one of the mother bear and her cubs?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
“Oh my spores Kaz… putting them right next to the mushroom tramp stamp like that?! Tut tut. I really think that sends the wrong message.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
“I assumed you were gonna pluck your feathers and get the tramp stamp yourself, Lana”
She smirks
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
Smutlana giggles at finally getting a reaction out of Kaz and jabs a finger in her direction “You know better than to tempt me with your smutty ideas, Kasma Planewalker, or by the the effervescence of rampant yeast gorging in the grace of Selune’s moonlight, thy will be done! And we will ALL live to regret it!!”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
“Mmm, I don’t think I could handle a half-plucked Kenku walkin’ around like ye escaped Eudora’s kitchen”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
“That would be a pity for the rest of you if she failed to cook me, I’ve been told my meat is delicious, if perhaps a bit gamey.  Now I think what we need to do before we set off anywhere is to get Odo outfitted in some gear a bit more suitable to his disposition. Something that shows a bit more skin, as it were. Half plate or a breastplate, depending on what Marla’s got. We’d have to trade in this purple plate, hopefully that would cover the cost and then some. Maybe she’s even got something already enchanted. Odo’s going to lose some protection at the cost of more mobility, so perhaps a magical infusion could make up the difference.”
John Dungeon Master — 07/13/2022
(He could probably convert his existing plate armor to half plate)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
(Like just remove the legs and arms?) 
John Dungeon Master — 07/13/2022
(Basically)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
Kaz wrinkles her nose. “Can’t say I’m interested in eatin’ anyone’s meat. But aye, if ye’d like new armor, Odo, we can  sell the plate we got off Resorodrath’s lackey to help fund it”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:36 AM
Nev, as a vegetarian, wrinkles her nose at the eating people discussion. “Agreed. ick”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
“Oh riiiiiiight! That was full plate wasn’t it?”
“And in good condition wasn’t it?”
John Dungeon Master — 07/13/2022
(That plate was substantially damaged btw) 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
(Wait then why did we take it?)
John Dungeon Master — 07/13/2022
(Well, it’s not worthless)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
(Ah, gotcha)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
(cough loot whores cough cough)
“We could swing by Marla’s and see what she’s got for him, in any case. If she had an enchanted breastplate that gave the same protection as half or full plate, or could put an enchantment on the breastplate he has, then that would be fantastic”
“Odo could go sneaking around with me in that case”
“Oh my spores… or we could get gleaming cast on Odo’s armor, and then he and Nevaeh could switch!! Now THAT would be worth the 250 gold enchantment to see a gleaming barbarian!”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:34 AM
“Oh, Lana, honey...I will die in this armor first.” She smiles sweetly. She's very serious.
John Dungeon Master — 07/13/2022
(She has splint which is heavy armor)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 07/13/2022
(She has half plate already right? Oh splint…)
“Kaz, we could do the ritual to contact Exilicor before we re-fit Odo at Marla’s, if you’re ready and we have all the materials on hand.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 07/13/2022
Kaz picks up her journal, stroking the pages with her thumb. “I’ll need to spend the day copying the spell into my journal. It should only take, oh…” she does some math in her head, “…ten hours? Aye, that seems right”
“But tonight would be good. And, if I fail, then I can just go to sleep and let my mind rest”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/14/2022
(Why are we downgrading Odo's armor?)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 07/14/2022
(ohhh Odo isn't requesting it but as a Player idk idk if it would make sense immediately or not hehe 😅😂 I'd have to look at the mechanics but I think pretty much barbarian rage isn't as effective in heavy armor, guess also I always fail stealth rolls too haha 🤣)
John Dungeon Master — 07/14/2022
(Rage is actually completely ineffective in heavy armor. You literally get no benefit)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 07/14/2022
(Would Nev know any more backstory to Odo's bear story? Like, would I have heard a story about one of the Falconspur kids getting lost in the forest? Noting that I'm 6 years older)
John Dungeon Master — 07/14/2022
(Yes, but you only heard the story later from your mother that he had gotten lost for a while when he was young and had been found in the woods. It was never made public and you don’t know any more details)
(She didn’t tell you at the time because they thought that it was an abduction and feared the worst and she didn’t want you to be terrified)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 12:30 AM
“Odo, do you have a scar on your leg? You said in the vision that your leg was injured?” Nev shifts around a bit, looking towards Odo to see his expressions. Does he really not remember?
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 7:33 AM
Eager to lighten the mood at the table, Lana continues the ribbing
“It was never to offend your prudent sensibilities, dear Nev. It's just that the thought occurred to me, that perhaps a little more protection from full plate could prevent you from dying at all, provided that Odo's lingering stench therein didn't kill you first.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:23 AM
She snickers
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 12:53 PM
Odo flexibly mounts his left leg over the seat of a chair, ruffling up the pants, bending over like he's doing Swan Pose/Sleeping-Swan Pose  in yoga and looks at his left leg
(Is there any scaring visible?  I could roll investigation check:P)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 2:18 PM
(It’s possible it could have been healed, I mean, his family is rich)
(Healed like with magic)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 3:37 PM
(There’s some scaring on one leg)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 6:03 PM
Odo looks back up, grazing his fingertips over the faint scaring on the left leg around the shin and kneecap
"Hmmmmmmmm"
Odo thinks
turning to Nevaeh
"I done suppose, I might, I...I didn't think much of this...but it woulda done been this here legggun...but..I done suppose I always thought I just had always had that...but uh...now...now it done feel like all of that...was more real...and not a dream or nothin..."
Odo looking perplexed, lowers his left leg off the chair base
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 7:10 PM
“So it did happen then... Odo, I was told you were lost in the woods and had been found. Like, there were murmurings about what happened but what I was told just that. So, I think maybe your vision was a real thing that happened. You never like...heard anything about that growing up?”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 11:39 PM
“I wonder what the details were around that. Where did Odo get lost? Which forest? I wonder if that’s key to the story and the vision”
