    • The battle starts, and chaos ensues. The demon and the dust elementals immediately attack the first people they see. Odo manages to calm the pegasus, but the water elemental escapes its tank and constricts around Zuggtboy. Kaz gets blinded by a dust elemental and spends most of the battle trying to clear her eyes. The pegasus chooses to fight with us
    • We kill all the creatures that don’t flee. Kaz explains to the pegasus what’s happened to it, and it looks understandably shocked
    • We decide to take a long rest to regain our strength. Odo hears two individuals try to open the locked door to our room, then test the metal grate, then leave.
    • we see a sign pointing through the blast door that says “endopotentiation chamber, transplanar portal construction scrutatorium, portal nexus”. Nearby is a lever that presumably opens the door
        ◦ "the mysteries of the multiverse are far more important than some ancient freezer" – Kaz, no longer giving a shit about the freezer room we never opened
    • as we’re about to open the blast door, Kaz and Zuggtboy simultaneously hear the sounds of two people trying to be stealthy around the corner, down the hall beyond the gate. They point it out to the party, and Nevaeh walks forward, looks through the grate, and sees two drow creeping forward
    • one of them is Szordrin, the drow we thought we killed earlier. He yells out in Elvish “the surface creatures are here!” and blasts Nivea with a lightning bolt, before he and the other drow warrior run back toward the auditorium
    • we chase the drow down the hall and back to the auditorium. Szordrin continues to run, but the warrior turns to challenge Odo. Odo calls out that Terzio will not be pleased that the drow have invaded his territory. The drow laughs mockingly, until Odo crits, knocks him to the floor, and slices vicious gashes into him. The pegasus then tramples the warrior’s head into bloody pulp
    • Szordrin returns at this point. He’s accompanied by another figure, silhouetted in the light from the hallway above. It’s the drow priestess of Lolth. “You! This symbol offends me! Quendar! Kill her!” she screeches, looking at Nevaeh. She then casts a spell that unleashes a plague of spiders onto the party (except for Kaz, who’s still in the other hallway running closer)
    • Kaz runs up, sees the spider plague, and gets flashbacks to the drow spider hatchery we found Toby in. She immediately thinks “absolutely not” and uses Misty Step to teleport across the spider plague, avoiding the damage. When she turns to smoke, it looks like Zug’s spore portrait of her
    • The pegasus starts menacing the priestess, who screeches “Quendar! Get in here and kill this thing!” A voice yells from around the corner “Coming Lythrana!” followed by the horrifying Quendar (a dragloth, which). It bites and gouges the pegasus, leaving it barely conscious. Lythrana pulls out a flail and beats the pegasus to death.
    • Lythrana appears to be low on magic (likely from fighting Terzio) as she considers what to do. She decides to cast a dark Guiding Bolt at a flying Nevaeh, still furious at the presence of a good cleric
    • Quendar manages to reach an injured Nevaeh, bite her unconscious, and claw her to death. Nevaeh’s necklace suddenly lights up and a glow surrounds her body for a second. She finds herself in a liminal space, thinks she sees her mother, and immediately comes back to life with half her health.
        ◦ Nevaeh definitely didn’t know her necklace was magical
    • Nevaeh glares at Lythrana, says “You bitch,” and guiding bolts her ass to death.
    • Szordrin turns himself invisible and books it back to the surface
    • Kaz blasts Quendar so hard his grandchildren probably feel it. Nevaeh follows up by casting Spirit Guardian, and the little angels conjured by the spell swarm Quendar and kill him
    • Not wanting to let Szordrin escape, the party chases him through two blasted-in walls near where we first entered the lower levels, and back up to the first level of offices. Szordrin is begging another priestess (Ereldra) to grab the loot and run because we’re coming
        ◦ We also see a dead Terzio, a dead xorn, chunks of dead elemental, and a dead flumf
    • Nevaeh’s spiritual guardian cherubs tear Szordrin limb from limb. Odo and Nevaeh batter Ereldra as she tries to escape, before Odo finally cuts her down. He cuts her head off, licks up the back of her skull, and tosses the head to the side, to the rest of the party’s horror.
        ◦ Zug uses his reaction to raise Ereldra as a sporeling
    • Kaz mourns that Terzio was killed, wishing that they’d had more time to talk about the planes
    • Terzio’s treasure (that the drow were trying to loot): a gold scroll case from the scrutatoria (scroll of Planar Binding), a potion with yellow fluid streaked with black swirls (potion of speed), collection of coinage (some of it ancient Netherese) worth 3,200 gp, totally preserved cloak (likely magical), green inkpen (though our characers wouldn’t know what an inkpen was) with an emerald nib that seems magical, assorted 5 gems worth 500gp total.
    • We also find a series of other planar armillary spheres similar to those in the scrutatories below. We also find a series of gold (literal gold) office nameplates with names and titles.
    • Odo has been increasingly violent and brutal toward the drow corpses, trying to stomp on their skulls and saying things like “there is nothing so pure in the heart of man as the hunger for power and gold”
        ◦ The party senses that Odo is in a pit of despair with no regard for humanity. He seems to have existential dread after the pegasus’ death, feeling that there’s no coming back from what took place.
    • We go back downstairs and loot Lythrana (Quendar doesn’t have shit). Kaz finds some drow poison, which she keeps to give to Odo once he’s feeling better


Mid-Session RP Interlude
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 04/11/2022
(TL;DR - I (me) didn't realize that we all saw @Nevaeh (Alicia) have blow/attack by the demon and it 'kill' her kill her, on Saturday 😅  - I just thought that she got knocked unconscious and got back up, not that she died, so Odo would’ve in-character probably had a somewhat different reaction to the situation)
## Immediately after the final fighting ended ##
Odo shell-shocked, stumbles over to Nevaeh, out of breath and disoriented. He seems to have a flicker in his eyes subside, briefly shaking off something.  Odo drops his sword and looks into Nevaeh's eyes, arms outstretched and resting lightly on her shoulders. He pulls her in for a brief hug, before looking back into her eyes. His own are watery.
"Nevaeh...I thought... I done thought... that that was it... that the lights had gone out...the big snooze... I couldn't bare the thought..."
Odo hands tremble a bit as they rest on Nevaeh's shoulders.
"I don't know...I don't know what I would’ve done...if...if I knew that I had lost you ...after all the time... all our families have been through..."
Odo seems to be slowly drifting, not wanting to process what is taking place.
"The history, of my father exploring the Daelands...fighting in the war against the Shadovar...exploring the Netherese Ruins...all alongside the incredible being that was your mother... ...they were always making it through...in the face of evil ...like the goddess Shar...that the Shadovar followed deeply... the history between them.  Between us...growing up in Waterdeep... you... I couldn't... I ...just...couldn't"
Odo drifts, sliding his hands down off her shoulders. He looks down at his sword, covered in the demon’s blood, and his own from when he cut his tongue. 
Much like Heather before him, Odo shambles a few steps away, not wanting to process things and seemingly still shell-shocked... 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/11/2022
(we quickly gave chase I think so with a little retcon magic) “It's okay, Odo. I'm fine. I think. I saw mom. I'll tell you later!” She runs after Zug.
Text RP
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:54 PM
Nev sits with Odo, saying little prayers over the feathers and trying to make Odo feel better, talking about where Celestial creatures go when they die. “They don't die in the way you think, Odo. And, you know, she probably has a whole family that's since died...what a terrible life to have to live out, when everyone around you that you loved has died. Did you know they mate for life? She probably lost her mate and children. Now maybe she's with them, you know?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 12:09 AM
Odo mostly nods... sternly... but just grabs a full vial of spider hemoglobin blood tosses it against the wall letting it smash
"they... these... creatures... so noble...we don't deserve them in our lives... I ...I can't ... I can't imagine this here..she...she... a horse with wings ...she sacrificed herself to all of us..."
Odo pushes aside his share of the coin that Kaz found from Terzio. “Reckon...reckon I can't take this”
"This creature saw incredible pain... before becoming captive... I...I can't phatom said pain...reckon, fit to be tied much worse than anything Zuggtboy expericenced with that there slime crawling outta him in the New Dankseep Colony"
(@John Dungeon Master  Odo would like to do his damnedest to harvest anything from Terzio or the Zorn / Gargolyes that Terzio had, like any body parts or anything.)
(Odo would also drag his blade across his non-dominant forearm - purposefully leaving a scar and taking whatever damage it is to remind him of the pegaususes that died
It’s up to @John Dungeon Master 's discretion how much damage Odo takes to make a scar with his blade on his non-dominant forearm so he always remembers that Pegasus. As meticulously as he can, Odo would bite down on his shirt under his chainmail to make it through making the slices against his bare skin)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:19 AM
(So you do take 3 points of damage.)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 12:20 AM
(heheh)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:21 AM
(But self harm is not a good act, and the crisis of conscience that results from acting outside of one's alignment can be consequential for your character's ability to be an effective adventurer
So I hope odo will get some therapy)
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 12:22 AM
(There’s a sense in which this is not unexpected
We’re underground for like 4 days seeing all type of crazy shit
It could make a normal person go batshit)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:23 AM
(yeah
totally)
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 12:24 AM
(In the nAvy, we were on the ocean for months at a time. People would get a little stir crazy, or sometimes just crazy crazy)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:25 AM
Nev places her hands on Odos arm and casts healing hands. Gripping a bit tighter, she says “Odo, you're going somewhere I can't follow. And I need you. I need you to stay with me. And I need your help. We all do, here.” Imploringly, she points to Kaz and Zugg too
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:25 AM
(you can definitely harvest amethyst dragon scales
Some of the scales are damaged but he was a large dragon so you can get quite a large quantity if you spend enough time at it but it does take hours of work)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:34 AM
Kaz comes closer to the pair, sitting down beside them "...Odo, did you know I lost my mother, when I was young?" She looks down at her hands "She died in a carriage accident visiting Sundabar. Some driver didn't see her, and one day she was just... just gone. My da and I weren't even with her." she sniffles "We only found out about it when a courier reached us, and it was too late for a resurrection, not that we had the money, and..." she sighs, cutting off her own rambling as she composes herself "Neither of us really knew how to handle it, but we got through it because we were there for each other." Kaz takes Odo's now scarred arm "Odo, what if the situation was reversed? What if I were bashin' in corpse heads and cuttin' myself up to remember my mother better? How would you feel about that?"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 04/10/2022
"reckon ya got a good point, Kaz...I wouldn't be feeling mighty good about that at all...I also suppose we at least now can deal with Rosaradrath and not have to deal with Terzio...." "there just be so much good out there that just doesn't make it...it just not right ...being down here for past four day been messing with my noggin"
Odo looks at his scared arm slightly, then looks at Nevaeh
"thankya Naveah, reckon it done be mighty selfish of me... ...being selfish and feeling hopeless ain't a good combination..." Odo smiles a bit nods, and picks himself up from sitting with the remaining few feathers from the Peaguaus 
Odo walks over to Zug
"Reckon we got bout a six-day before that there Rosaradrath come back to the fort ...figure we got all this treasure ...maybe we done take what important and done leave what we figure keep the Rosaradrath folks away from us" 
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/10/2022
Odo, what’s your comfort food? Let’s fetch some from the Abracadabras and start this off right.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/10/2022
“Glad you seem to be feeling better, Odo.” She keeps an eye on Odo the rest of the evening. “Maybe some more of Kaz's family stew will help! Kaz, can you make us all some stew again? That sounds delicious right now. Afterwards, I'm taking as much of a bath as I can muster. Cleaning up always helps clear my mind and focus my thoughts. And I have a lot to think about.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 04/10/2022
Odo nods, smiling "reckon Kaz's family stew was mighty tasty"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/10/2022
Kaz smiles, giving Odo a hug as she stands “Of course! Always happy to share”
She summons the stew from the box, then passes it out to the group “Here. It’ll warm ye right up!”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/10/2022
Nev takes a couple of gulps of the soup, stares at the bowl for a few seconds, sniffles, and then stands up to walk away, decanter out of the backpack and now in hand 
"I'll be back in a bit. You guys just...listen out for a yell or something. I'm sure it'll be fine though...Heh."
Nev heads out to the nearest room with a door that isn't also full of dead bodies 
(What room would that be and how far away from the party would I be?)
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/10/2022
“luckily we've got all that clean fresh water! me too. just save enough for a little bird bath why dontcha”
John Dungeon Master — 04/10/2022
Probably the planar expedition  prep room down the hall
Oh there was a drain in the floor of the xenobiology room
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/10/2022
Kaz looks at Nevaeh’s half-eaten stew, then towards the door she left through. After a moment, she stands up, gives Odo’s shoulder a squeeze, and follows Nevaeh into the room. “Hey Nev… I saw you go down in that battle. Are you doin’ alright?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/10/2022
(Okay, that works then. Just want a door and no dead bodies lol maybe I'll also check out the cold door while I'm nearby.... 🌚)
To Kaz: “Yeah. Um.” She immediately starts to hold back tears, eyes glassy “I've had close calls before, usually because I'm not listening to and using Selune's guidance, my fault for being a reckless ninny sometimes. But... I've never gone down like that...and...but...I saw my mom.” She blurts the words out before turning into a weeping mess.
Raspily, she continues, “You said you lost your mom and so maybe you can understand. I saw her. For a second, or minutes, or days, I don't know. I was able to reach out and call to her, before I was pulled back out. I got to see her.” She runs her fingers along the cold door before moving on to the makeshift bathroom. “She died a few years ago. Old age, it was just her time, you know. Most in her line of work don't get that luxury. She was well looked after by the Moonmaiden.”
Nevaeh sniffles and smiles, looking down at the necklace. Taking it off and holding it in her hand, she says, “She gave me this, before she finally rested. I know now it was more than simply a blessed trinket to remember her by. Certainly, a lot more.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/10/2022
Kaz hugs Nevaeh tightly, letting her cry. When the tears begin to slow, she says "I'm glad you're okay. It sounds like your mum is still watchin' over ye, and I'm glad you got to see her again" Kaz pulls back a bit, her own eyes a bit teary. She looks down at the necklace. "It's beautiful"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/10/2022
(DM, how much concentration on the necklace do I need to do? Like an attunement or is it more like... Holding it right now a thought  comes into my mind, or something like that)
John Dungeon Master — 04/10/2022
You focus on it and you feel your mind drawn to a kind of trance like state. You are apparently floating over a glowing sparkling sea reflecting warm hues of a sunset with a silver moon trail crossing the waves to the horizon. In front and above you floats a transparent but otherwise real looking facsimile of your mother, who speaks: 
“Nevaeh, my dear, I’ve asked Selûne to bless this necklace that belonged to your father. It was a lot to ask but she answered my prayer. It will help to keep you safe. I knew I could never convince you to live a quiet safe life in Waterdeep- you’re too much like your father… and me. 
And I know you’ll eventually want to look for your father. After he left our world, he devoted himself to tracking down the servants of Shar. He would occasionally speak to me from the world beyond and tell me what he was up to. He didn’t want to worry you when you were young with talk about dangerous missions, and he probably still thinks of you as young. But the last I heard from him he said he was going to join a group of elite celestial warriors called the Vigilant Sentinels who come from many different heavenly realms. And then, we both stopped hearing from him after that… I think he must be alive somewhere because his kind can only truly die if they are killed in realm where they come from. He came from a place called the Forest of Whrith in the realm of Arborea. 
I will pray to Selûne that she may guide you to find him. I have asked her to reveal his whereabouts to me but it seems that he is in a place where her light doesn’t reach. But that’s why you must be the light of Selûne and banish the shadows with her aid, and then you will surely find him. 
Know that I love you forever, my darling daughter. I am with Selûne now, and I’ll always watch over you, until one day we will be joined again in her light. May her blessings be with you.  Farewell!” And the image comes in to hug you, and you feel a warm sensation, and your eyes reopen in the room you were in. 
also, you receive inspiration
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/10/2022
(oh this is gonna be fun)
John Dungeon Master — 04/10/2022
Hope so
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/10/2022
Kaz looks back at Nevaeh, concerned. “Are you alright there? You spaced out for a moment”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/11/2022
Nev blinks after a long time, eyes dry but red, noticing the hug and concern from Kaz. “I need a pen! I need to write!” Nev starts to get up, leaving her decanter and soap, getting ready to run to the room and fish out pen and paper from her bag. “I think I went away for a minute. Like when I'm praying. My mom left me a message. She was there, real. I need to write down what she said before I forget!” She runs off to the room holding her bag
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/11/2022
Kaz reaches down, fumbling for her journal. “Oh! You can borrow my…” she looks up to see that Nevaeh has sprinted out of the room, tucks the journal under her arm, and hastily follows.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/11/2022
(she can catch me to tell me If she wants haha)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/11/2022
(We'll say she catches up to you in the main room lol)
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/11/2022
While Kaz is away with nev, zug starts rummaging through the metal canister labeled “spores” 
“Okee dokee, spores huh? Well let’s see what all the fuss is about…” Zug has his herbalism kit open in front of him and is ready to investigate
John Dungeon Master — 04/11/2022
It’s 3000 year old fungal dust, you can’t identify it but it might have once been araumycos fungal tissue as the label seemed to imply
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/11/2022
Can I tell if it’s literal spores though? Are they alive, magical?
John Dungeon Master — 04/11/2022
No, no and not as far as you can tell
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/11/2022
(Zug tries to meld with the fungal tissue for awhile, and just kinda meditates in general for a bit)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:44 PM
Nevaeh runs into the main room and begins fishing around in her bag for pen and paper. Kaz follows a moment later, carrying the jug and the bar of soap. “Um, I’ll just put these here, for when ya need ‘em,” she says, setting both beside Nevaeh
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:27 PM
Zug cheerfully snaps out of his melding trance “So good thing you’re all back! I was thinking, since Terzio is dead, that he wouldn’t be needing his body anymore. So we could salvage it for parts to sell and stuff. But then I thought hmm, maybe that could be considered a bit, I dunno, impolite.”
“So how about we do something everyone can agree on - when we’re all rested up we have a burial ceremony for Terzio?”
“I don’t think we could fully bury him, but I could expedite the rotting process so he’s not just rotting for days out in the open. Or we could make a pyre. Whatever you think is most appropriate.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:36 PM
Kaz smiles. "I think that'd be lovely. A pyre sounds nice, but I think it'd be difficult to do it underground without suffocatin' ourselves. And... I like what you said before, about the fungi bein' new life and all."
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 8:39 PM
right you are, Kaz! i can't wait to see what new life Psilofyr will recycle from what remains of Terzio! probably something new and powerful. That death could bring such hope and renewal, who would have known?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:59 PM
Kaz nods, gaze distant. She speaks up again after a few moments. "You know... I thought about what you all said earlier. About tryin' to contact my patron. I... well, I think I've figured out a spell that might work. I've worked out how to send a message to another plane, at least." 
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:07 PM
That’s great news! Let’s make arrangement immediately. How can I help?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:20 PM
She bites her lip. "Well... it'll mostly just be me castin' the spell, and hopin' it doesn't blow up in my face like the last time. But I can only send a short message, maybe 25 words or so. Only... I'm not really sure what to ask."
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:23 PM
haah that was my next question - what would you even say?
i mean
i guess you could give an update
but then again
you could ask about what to do next? did it give you any instructions thus far?
or do you even have a feeling for what it wants from you?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:25 PM
Kaz shrugs. "It hasn't said anything I've picked up on. There's a lot I want to ask, but it's reply would also be short, so I think I should stick to one question"
She drums her fingers on her thigh. "Maybe just 'Why did you make me your warlock?' Or maybe I should start with 'What is my end of our pact?'"
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:34 PM
Why not ask a question whose answer gives you more answers, like, “what is your name”
If you knew its name, then we could research that, and that information could tell you a lot 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:41 PM
She wavers. "I want to know if it wants something from me, but... you're right. I'll find out more from a name"
Kaz places her journal on the floor in front of her, flipping through until she finds a page titled 'Sending Spell.' After consulting the page, she rummages in her bag and pulls out a short piece of copper wire. She takes a deep breath. "Wish me luck"

Twisting the copper wire around her finger, she intones the words of the spell. As she finishes the chant, she asks aloud "Um, hello there. Uh, what's your name?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:45 PM
you get no feeling of connecting with anything and no message comes back
you get the feeling you'll need more familiarity with the recipient for this spell to work
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:45 PM
(makes sense)
Kaz waits a moment, then sighs. "I was afraid of that. I don't really know who or what I'm reaching out to, so the spell doesn't know where to go"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:46 PM
you also feel like there might be ways to eventually amplify this kind of magic with more powerful spells...
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:06 PM
I'm sorry it didn't work this time, Wiggles. But don't worry, we'll get the answers in time. I can feel it in my spores.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:07 PM
She smiles, tired, but boosted by Zuggtboy's confidence. "Thanks Zug. I suppose it's not like I've been set back. Really, I'm exactly where I was before - still searchin' this place for answers."
She unwinds the copper wire from around her fingers. "Still, it's a useful spell. It's essentially boosting my telepathy to an unlimited range, and letting me listen in on the other person's response for a moment. We could use it to contact anyone, really." she freezes, then says softly. "...including my dad."
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:00 AM
Would be a good chance to check-in and maybe get that stew recipe. We've become quite fond of it, you know, and we won't have the abracadabras where we're going.
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:06 AM
in this direction, could zug seed the body with spores and then cast plant growth but instead of 8 full hours, just do 1 hour and get some fraction of the effect?
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:07 AM
and the 1 hour is like a burial ceremony where zug is actively channeling the spell?
John Dungeon Master — Today at 10:08 AM
Or just do druid craft 600 times over an hour
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:09 AM
the idea would be to expedite the flesh decomposition process
John Dungeon Master — Today at 10:09 AM
Yeah, like I don’t really think you need a 3rd level spell for that it’s kind of in your wheelhouse
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:10 AM
but the plant growth would make a huge display of it 
Plant Growth
This spell channels vitality into plants within a specific area. There are two possible uses for the spell, granting either immediate or long-term benefits.
If you cast this spell using 1 action, choose a point within range. All normal plants in a 100-foot radius centered on that point become thick and overgrown. A creature moving through the area must spend 4 feet of movement for every 1 foot it moves.
You can exclude one or more areas of any size within the spell's area from being affected.
If you cast this spell over 8 hours, you enrich the land. All plants in a half-mile radius centered on a point within range become enriched for 1 year. The plants yield twice the normal amount of food when harvested.
John Dungeon Master — Today at 10:11 AM
Yeah it does what it says it does
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:11 AM
the fungal decomposition would be almost immediate and gargantuan wouldn't it?
John Dungeon Master — Today at 10:14 AM
If you cast plant growth, then it will become overgrown with fungus in 1 action
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 10:58 AM
"I'll go now to prepare for Terzio's funeral. Please, come join when you are ready." zug marches off purposefully
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 10:59 AM
Kaz glances down at her notebook again, then sighs. “I’ll join you in a moment. It’s about time I let my dad know I was okay”
She winds the copper wire around her fingers again, speaking the words of the spell. This time, her message is psychic. “Hi da. I’m okay. I’m sorry if I’ve scared you. I’ll send another message explainin’ everythin’ soon. Please stay home, and stay safe.”
John Dungeon Master — Today at 12:12 PM
“I’ll be darned… I could swear I heard her voice… must be going crazy now…”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:13 PM
Kaz swears softly. “He doesn’t realize it’s me. Not that I could do magic before all of this, but… yeah”
She sighs. “I’ll have to wait. I need time to rest again to get my magic back, and even then I don’t want to use it up too quickly when there’s probably still things down here”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 5:24 PM
Odo nods "Reckon' yer pops might be mighty worried" as Odo speaks softly, quietly
Odo glances over at Zug marching off purposefully "ahhh" Odo looks at his hands  Odo looks back at Zuggtboy "I’m fixin' to come help ya" Odo speaks softly towards the direction of Zuggtboy. Odo gathers his things ...slowly starts heading over there
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 5:32 PM
Oh hey Odo. Glad you came. So listen, this is super easy and super fun. Just go grab all the nasty fungus shit you can find. The nastier the better, mkay? And then I dunno, just put it in a pile over by Terzio.
We're gonna seed him full of fungus and then we'll let nature take its course... with just a little help from Psilofyr, obviously! It's gonna be, like, super spiritual and cleansing. Very therapy, very zen. I think it's gonna set your mind right. I think you'll see that death isn't always so doom and gloom, ya reckon?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:35 PM
Kaz whines, flopping onto her back and covering her face.
After a minute, she follows Odo
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 5:38 PM
Odo glancing around, nodding, slowly letting out a breath "reckon, I can do that Zuggtboy, so, just uh, them there fungus, that might be round here, right?" Odo looking around surveying the area before, reaching down, lighting a torch, and then holding it "reckon I dunno that Psilofyr be helping with said things...but...it be good..." Odo pauses to look at his hands, the blood on the sword...his, the others, the just overall tattered nature of things...Odo looks back up, starts heading off to collect fungus for Zuggtboy
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 5:41 PM
Odo glances back towards Kaz, concerned eyes, tries to gaze in a bit, but eyes darts back down to the ground, letting out a small breath 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:45 PM
Kaz catches Odo's look as she walks in, and sighs. "I can't risk usin' up all my power down here to warn him. We still need to make it back out alive."
She joins Zug and Odo in looking for fungus. "I'll just... keep my mind off it for now"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 5:46 PM
Looking to Zugg "I'd like to say a few words for our Winged friends, when you're ready."
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 5:48 PM
“Of course.” Zug claps the last of the spores off his hands. “Ready when you are, Moon Maiden.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 5:48 PM
(At some point Nev would have written down her mom's message and then eventually gone back before the long rest to bath. She's gotta get clean. I think that's all I had left to do really though for the RP stuff)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:48 PM
(Kaz would've washed up as well, and written some more in her journal)
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 5:48 PM
(would have been plenty time to bathe, odo and zug were planting spores and stuff for awhile)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 5:53 PM
"Odo, I especially want you to be part of this" And I'll hold his hand while I give one of my favorite prayers. "Selune's got me. And I got you. We can get through this together."

Putting down a handful of the Pegasus plumage in with the rest of the remains

"Do not stand at my grave and weep
I am not there; I do not sleep.
I am a thousand winds that blow,
I am the diamond glints on snow,
I am the sun on ripened grain,
I am the gentle autumn rain.
When you awaken in the morning's hush
I am the swift uplifting rush
Of...dragons and pegasi...in circled flight.
I am the soft stars that shine at night.
Do not stand at my grave and cry,
I am not there; I did not die."
(by Mary Elizabeth Frye who was a house wife that wrote it in 1932 and I love it)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 5:56 PM
Odo slowly out-stretches his hand, clasping Nevaeh's lightly, nodding…
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 6:15 PM
Zug recites his own prayer:

Soul departed 
Body upon ground
These spores fulfill a promise 
To complete the cycle
In the name of Araumycos.

Terzio voretir, accept this final embrace
Pass this flesh to the hyphae
Pass this flesh to the mycelia
Pass the torch of life
Rest now in Psilofyr's shroud
As we celebrate
The sacred cycle.
Zug then draws his rainbow spore enso circle, puts his hand through palm up, and closes it to cast Plant Growth
