    • Asger demands we disarm. Kaz buys time by putting down a few spare daggers. Efrione guards show up through our basement. Asger looks pissed because the guards are supposed to be busy.
        ◦ Kaz asks what Asger did with the mythallar, but he just smirks and doesn’t say anything. Bitch.
    • Seeing an oportunity to escape, Smutlana tries to intimidate Asger by saying “The authorities are here. There are too many eyes. You’d better take what you can and get out of here while you can.”
    • Nekropoieties telepathically offers Smutlana some sort of necromantic ability regarding Luna’s body on the stairs. Smutlana accepts the proposition. Her symbiotic spores react with revulsion as the staff begins casting the spell on her fallen family member, but Lana continues. Luna’s skeleton rips out of their body and is animated with a ghostly glow, empowered by necrotic reanimation. The staff’s eyes glow bright red, and Lana can feel its jubilation.
        ◦ Kaz and Nev are NOT happy about Lana’s sudden willingness to use actual necromancy after so long poo-pooing it. The staff is making her act out-of-character to them.
            ▪ Hannah and Alicia think it’s cool as fuck XD
        ◦ The staff cast Summon Undead at 9th level.
    • Luna’s headless skeleton attacks Asger with four “grave bolts” – blasts of necrotic energy. The ultraloths immediately kick Eudora and Twilight off the balcony. Twilight’s neck snaps and they die immediately. Eudora’s neck doesn’t snap, but she struggles at the end of her noose as she’s strangled.
    • The guards hear the combat and immediately run upstairs and join the fight. One guard sees Eudora still alive and cuts her down.
    • Xerfilioc tries to shield Asger while also casting Cone of Cold at the combatants. Eudora dies immediately. Kaz blasts at Asger, and Odo runs up to Asger and chops the shit out of him. Asger yells out “Kill them all! But keep the warlock. I have plans for her” before Odo kills him.
        ◦ Xerfilioc cries out in despair as Asger dies, but Asger seems like he still has plans despite dying.
    • Two more ultraloths and two arcanaloths (humanoid foxes in sparkly robes) reveal themselves on the street, run up to our house, and start attacking as well.
    • Odo hacks at the ultraloths closest to him, then angrily beheads Asger’s corpse and picks up his head and his staff. He calls out for the Far Flung Fellowship to run and save themselves several times, but they refuse to leave him behind.
    • One of the other ultraloths casts Suggestion on Odo and forces him to hand over the staff. He chucks it aside and a moment later, the staff disappears with a pop. Another moment passes, and Asger’s black and red robe also disappears (but he’s not naked).
        ◦ the staff was definitely NOT the one with a tormented face on top that can corrupt celestials
    • One of the arcanaloths casts Firestorm, engulfing the wooden first floor in flames. The party’s portrait is immediately consumed.
    • Cloudsilver leaps over the flames, grabs Twilight’s and Eudora’s bodies before the flames can consume them, and leaps back outside.
    • One of the arcanaloths casts something at Nevaeh, who disappears. Cloudsilver yells out in fear. One of the mage guards runs outside and attacks the arcanaloth, breaking its concentration on Banishment and returning Nev to Sigil.
    • Lana runs into the kitchen and sees little Bert Argesso holding his slingshot and trembling. She intuits that he brought the guards and gestures at him to run.
    • We realize the odds are very much not in our favor (the ultraloths don’t even look damaged), extricate ourselves from the fight, and run towards our escape tunnel. As we escape our house, we see that rioters have gotten into Little Faerun and are burning anything that looks flammable. We can see flames in the distance where we know the temples are.
        ◦ Lana Thornwhips Xerfilioc off the balcony into the flames. He doesn’t move after he hits the ground.
    • Nevaeh and Cpt Cloudsilver fly and run over the rooftops to get to our house’s back door, pursued by an Ultraloth. Nev casts Silence on it, and Leagair grapples it to prevent it from attacking her. Nev flies down into the alleyway behind our house, sees Valentina hiding in the eaves, and encourages her to flee with us.
    • An ultraloth teleports after Kaz (again) and guards the basement stairs. Kaz hexes it and gets out of the way as Odo shoves it across the kitchen. Kaz sprints away from it into the basement. It’s arcanaloth buddy paralyzes Odo in revenge. Smutlana quickly Blights the arcanaloth, snapping its concentration and freeing Odo. Odo surges forward, grapples the ultraloth, and drags it into the pantry. Lana follows up by Blinding the arcanaloth.
    • Kaz peeks out of the basement for just long enough to blast the blinded arcanaloth to death. As she ducks back downstairs, she sees a group of five more ultraloths approaching the house from the street. Valentina bolts ahead of Nev and into the basement with Kaz
    • Cpt Cloudsilver runs through the back door, runs through the fire in the main room, grabs the bodies of Twilight and Eudora (which he had to leave behind to climb over the roof), and darts back to the basement door. He’s fast enough to dodge the ultraloth guarding the door to prevent us from leaving.
    • Kaz dashes through the underground tunnel with Valentina. Odo slashes the ultraloth in the pantry to death, runs out into the kitchen, blocks off the back door with a shelf, and runs down into the basement. Cloudsilver sees dabus outside and lets Nev know about it before running into the tunnel with her. Smutlana grabs what mushrooms she can from the basement (including one Tallboy) and casts Plant Growth to block off our escape tunnel with the remaining fungi.
    • We get through the tunnel while the ultraloths get stuck behind the mushroom garden. We reach the entrance to the portal house nearest to our house and the guards unlock it and let us in.
        ◦ On the way to the portal, Legair tells all of us that he saw a dabus fire brigaid coming to put out the fires in our neighborhood. The Ultraloths seemed distinctly less intent on doing violence while they were there.
    • Kaz tells the guards that ultraloths are chasing the party. One tells us that the tunnel by the gate house is hallowed so that fiends can’t get through, but Nev knows that the Magic Circle spell can be dispelled. The guards on duty leave to warn other guards that ultraloths are in the tunnels. We choose to go through the portal (which changes destination every 6 seconds) to a ruined farmhouse in the middle of the Outlands, then Plane Shift to Brin’s Haven.
    • The Watchful Voyagers have told us what to say when casting Planeshift to avoid appearing in the central square. We appear in a special planeshift reception room instead, which has a tiled floor and windowless stone walls, and is guarded in case anyone brings prisoners with them. We identify outselves to the guards outside the heavy metal door (who look and sound like new recruits), and they quickly take us to the upper floors.
        ◦ Eudora and Twilight are taken to the hospital wing, and someone casts Gentle Repose on them.
    • Torbold comes to find us while we take a short rest. He’s relieved to see we’re alive and relatively intact, and quickly calls off his most elite team (the diamond Catabasists) from coming to aid us in Sigil.
        ◦ Nev is explaining to Cloudsilver where he is. Johan comes to Geas him now that he’s here, and Nev manages to persuade Cloudsilver to push past his reluctance and submit to it. He also casts Geas on Valentina, even though she can’t talk, because she IS an intelligent creature.
        ◦ We’re all pretty dazed and out of it.
    • The diamond Catabasists return from Sigil. Their members are Boswell (human ranger), Jessir Bjornhoof (satyr monk), Dashwin “Dash” Fitztimon (human covert specialist), Kezzekak (khaasta (“casta,” a planar lizardman) magic user) , and Leehan Finpaw (tabaxi bard). They’re also relieved to see we’re alive. They explain that they got to Sigil and flew (since they couldn’t teleport without Ganth) to Little Faerun. When they reached our neighborhood, they saw that our house was a burned shell. Other fires in the neighborhood had been put out, and even though parts of the neighborhood were damaged things were starting to calm down. Eunethera’s pavilion was still standing, as was Lady Renalia’s house.
    • After our short rest, we ALL go to the top floor meeting room. Ganth gets brought in on a wheelchair as well and is also glad to see us, and is very upset that Torbold took his wand and he couldn’t come to our aid. We tell EVERYTHING that’s happened: the peace conference, the murder, the carriage, the riots, and the attack on our house. 
        ◦ Midway through, the Captain leans over to Nev and says “well, I thought I was the one who had danger coming after me, but now I see what you meant.”
        ◦ Lady Renalia didn’t have an heir as far as we know, so who gets to take over her estate is up in the air. Even Cloudsilver doesn’t know who it’ll be.
        ◦ Torbold, when we describe the murder and the murderer: “It was Querial”
        ◦ When we describe the whole situation with the wave of celestials flying out of the estate and getting hit by the corrupting rod, Torbold and Ganth immediately say that the whole thing was planned and that thousands more celestials are probably corrupted. Kaz nods along.
        ◦ Odo: plonks Asger’s severed head on the table. Everyone loses their shit because severed heads are disgusting and wants him to put it away.
    • Someone we barely recognize walks in. He’s introduced as Doth, their long departed colleague who was acting as a spy in the Vigilant Sentinels (he was the guard captain of the Sigil chapter). Doth was able to make it away during the activity at the peace conference. He and Torbold agreed that it was no longer in everyone’s best interest for him to stay in a place where he was likely already under suspicion.
        ◦ He was the one to speak to Nev telepathically at the ball.
    • Doth wants to give his report, and also to ask us a few questions. He confirms that we knew the murder victim. We explain who Lady Renalia was, and he’s sorry to hear that she was killed. He also says that he was watching carefully and saw flecks of red on Querial’s white wings. Nev mentions that Chiprick saw him trying to clean his wings off.
    • Kaz asks if Lady Renalia’s soul is still out there and Ganth says he thinks that Lord Querial might have captured her soul. If Querial could be cured or apprehended, we might be able to restore Lady Renalia.
    • Torbold and the party agree that destroying the mirror is the biggest problem right now, given how much Asger and our enemies want it. Ganth has cast Legend Lore and believes that any attempt to destroy it will probably backfire. Lana remembers overhearing something from Zeferio when we were in his underground fortress. He’d been muttering to himself that casting the conduit into the transcosmic domain would break its link, but she hadn’t understood his cryptic words at the time.
        ◦ We also ask Gilbert Orenson if he knows anything about the Conduit or where Drosys found it. Gilbert is working as a cook and seems to have settled into his new life. He doesn’t know anything about the Conduit, or about how to destroy/depower the mythallar. He knows about the Aravandar, but doesn’t know where they might have been doing magical research.
            ▪ We also recall that Asger called it “the mirror” to our faces, not the Conduit. From Kaz’s spying, he seems to have no idea how anything related to the mythallar works.
    • We agree to go to the Plane of Water and aid the Triton Prince Lyrion with the aboleth threat, and in exchange get access to the door to the Far Realm to toss the mirror in and break its link to Exilicor. Cloudsilver mentions that the Starglimmer can function underwater, and is sure the crew on the Marvinia asteroid would want to help us protect the planes.





Kaz is gonna cuddle Valentina tonight. Asger’s little “I’ve got plans for the warlock” does NOT sit well with her. (but like how did he KNOW??)

Also gotta warn Othar of Asger being on the warpath and get Erudir and whoever else we can out of Torthyr (and deeply apologize to the rest for bringing trouble down on them)

Talk to Ganth and thank him for wanting to help, reassure him about feeling so helpless (maybe talk in Elvish? Half-elf to half-elf? Or maybe his elven parent was a high elf and he won’t have such good memories of elvish)

also ask Ganth how to make planar tuning forks



Text RP
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/21/2023 10:13 PM
(Nev will probably use RP time to explain some more shit to the Captain, so it's not digging into story stuff. And maybe we can hear what Val has to say since the players already know.)
John Dungeon Master — 05/21/2023 10:14 PM
Hear what Val has to say?
Eudora, who was a member of the WV, is raised by Niamh.  She is very weak and is resting. 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 05/21/2023 10:20 PM
oh right, eudora is alive
we can chat with her too then. Yay! she can teach gilbert how to cook properly.
(I thought there was no way those folks made it out dead or alive, but I'm glad they did ❤️ )
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 12:03 PM
Along the way back to Brin’s Haven, Smutlana has a brief exchange with Neko. “Yes of course and, thank you, Neko. Your help definitely turned the tide against Asger.” Smutlana’s tone is measured and compassionate as much as solemn and pensive.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 2:10 PM
(We had our short rest before we met with everyone at the table right? so that hour of short rest could be some RP stuff?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 2:37 PM
Right
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 2:28 PM
(Gonna rename the channel to "Lana we need to talk" lol)
!! Jojo is still at Lady R's stables. I hope the rioters didn't burn that place down.
(What's the date in-game?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 4:36 PM
*Changes the channel name to oh_necro_she_better_don’t*
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 4:40 PM
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 5:20 PM
It’s probably wee morning hours of Uktar 14
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 6:01 PM
Kaz is huddled in a chair near the rest of the party and as far away from Nekropoieties as she can be. She looks shellshocked, guilty, and exhausted.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 6:10 PM
Since Nev was still pretty hurt when we arrived, I'll take some liberties to say the Capt helped her hobble into the rest area, pointing at Kaz to indicate she wants to go sit down by her. Then let the Capt and his, basically untouched, healthy self decide what he wants to do for this hour.
"Seeing Asger's head go inside of Odo's pack doesn't feel as good as I hoped, when it comes at the cost of Luna and Willow...Lady Renalia...And the countless other lives affected by this riot he started. I know it had to be him. All for us, the mirror."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:22 PM
Kaz shivers slightly, staring at nothing. “‘Keep the warlock.’ That’s what he said. ‘Keep the warlock. I have plans for her’”
She looks up at Nevaeh, and her voice trembles slightly despite her control. “He didn’t just come for the mirror. He came for me. He killed Eudora and Twilight and Willow because of me.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:34 PM
"Oh no, Kaz." She wraps her up in her arms and pats her head, trying to tame her wild mane of red curls. "If he really wanted you he would have brought a bigger army, huh?" she smiles, not sure if the joke is going to land cuz Kaz is being pretty serious
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:38 PM
Kaz is quiet for a moment. “…I don’t think he’s really dead. Or, rather, I don’t think he’s going to stay dead. Not the way he was talkin’”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:53 PM
Clearing her throat "We've talked about your connection to the mirror...maybe he thinks there's more to that connection than there is. Or...more than we're aware of." after a moment "I don't think he's really gone either. Evil like that always has a way of coming back, as if hate alone keeps their soul nearby."
"It's the good ones that have an easy time moving on. Their conscience is clear."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:56 PM
She nods slowly, and seems somewhat comforted. Softly, she asks, “But how did he know I was a warlock?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:57 PM
(Can we do some rolls to try and intuit how he knew that info?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:01 AM
Sure
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:56 PM
(Kaz rolls a nat1. Still too shaken up to process)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:10 AM
(Insight 17)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:11 AM
Well he also knew about the mirror all of a sudden
So he must have learned some things somehow
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:16 AM
Hmm, yes. 🤔
"I guess we go through the list of people that know about the mirror and about the fact that your magic comes from a...patron."
"So let’s see. That's you, me, Lana, Odo, the handsome gentleman sitting over there likely very confused, a few of the Watchful Voyagers, and um..."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 8:43 AM
“Angela, Tinkerreach, and my da. And Zeferio, I suppose”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 10:03 AM
"We can check in on Tinkerreach at least but Zeferio...I don't know how he would have even found him"
"Think we can get any information out of Asger's....head?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 2:17 PM
“…Asger called it the mirror. Not the Conduit. I don’t think he’s found Zeferio, or he’d have used its proper name” 
She tilts her head to the side. “Like… magically? How?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 2:22 PM
(Would speak with dead work with a head since it has a mouth?)
"So he probably doesn't even know how the mirror is connected? Maybe that's why he wanted you, because you do know?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:13 PM
“Maybe. I don’t think so though. He’s too full of himself, and he must know that I wouldn’t tell him anything”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:16 PM
"Maybe he thought he could make you." she can barely get out the words "I don't even want to think about it."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:18 PM
She trembles a little, but shakes her head. “I don’t think he wanted information from me.” A pause. “I don’t know what he wanted, but I think he could figure out the mirror by himself. He seemed confident enough that he knew what it was.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:19 PM
"Well, let’s plan to never find out what it was he wanted with you."
"So...we go to the Far Realm next and get rid of that thing, huh?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:23 PM
She gives Nevaeh a watery smile. “Aye. Just chuck it in there or somethin’”
She wipes her face with her sleeve. “Might be smarter to just stick the mirror in, then pull it back out once the connection is broken. We could use it to fool Asger that way”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:25 PM
"Hey, that's my job." She wipes off Kaz's face and gives her another big hug, swaddling her up in her very tired arm "I'm the professional crier around here."
"All we know about the Far Realm really is that like...nobody comes back from it?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:27 PM
Kaz hugs her back tightly. “Well, that or you don’t come back quite… right. And I’m pretty sure Exilicor isn’t the only one livin’ there, either.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:27 PM
"Do you think he could like...get us there safely somehow?"
(He's not a god, right? like...he's just a powerful being of some sort?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:29 PM
(Kaz asked once and got a “maybe”. They didn’t quite understand the idea of a god. Certainly powerful enough not to notice Kaz drawing power from them) 
She shrugs. “We know where a doorway is.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:30 PM
"Okay, so we could help out the Prince, rescue Exilicor, break the mirror's connection, and save the worlds. Easy."
She says that pretty stone-faced
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:32 PM
“Easy” Kaz mumbles. She seems exhausted, but at least a little reassured
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:33 PM
Looking up, she asks "Captain, as our resident Astral Sea traveller, what do you know about the Far Realm?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:33 PM
“We need to warn Othar though, and… and get my Da. I don’t trust that Asger hasn’t somehow figured out where he is too”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:34 PM
"Absolutely, we have a lot of people to check in on. I guess we have to ask the Watchful Voyagers for a lot more favors."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:15 PM
(In theory yes. Speak with dead would work with a head.)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:20 PM
(But can I not ask the final question and leave him hanging for eternity? Cuz fuck him.)
(Leaving a dead guy waiting on the final question for eternity is a reference to the 2023 D&D movie)
(We'll punt his head out into the Far Realm)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:21 PM
(Y E E T)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 8:58 PM
“The Far Realm? Is it… real? I’ve always thought it was a legend. Some wildspacers claim there’s a world beyond the edges of space where reality unravels and the essence of existence loses all meaning.”
“Where horrid and unfathomable abominations drift, older than time and greater than the gods, which by merely dreaming for an instant created the alien monstrosities of our world…”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:02 PM
mouth agape "Uh...yes. That Far Realm."
Looking at Kaz "Maybe we do this one on our own."
(This man must only have nightmares.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:09 PM
Kaz shrugs, leaning her head tiredly on Nev's shoulder and speaking to both her and Cloudsilver. "Sounds about right, from what I've heard. There's barely any research on it"
"It is real, though. Or, as 'real' as anything can be where existence as a concept is meaningless" 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:12 PM
"How do all these people have these crazy stories about it, but none have ever actually seen it themselves? Maybe it's not as bad as they claim? Perhaps the ones that came back were just unlucky?" Nev is actually sweating a little bit now.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:12 PM
Smutlana grimaces “No more undead hijinks for me, thank you very much.”
(That was in reference to Speak with Dead or whatever)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:14 PM
(Cloudsilver looks at Lana cautiously)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:15 PM
Kaz opens her mouth to answer when Smutlana speaks. Her gaze flicks to Lana for a split second, then back to Nev. Aloud, she says "...perhaps. Certainly we don't have to go inside ourselves"
Telepathically, she adds "Besides, we have more immediate problems. I think that staff is corrupting Smutlana"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:15 PM
“Don’t worry, Captain. You’re safe as long as you’re alive,” Smutlana says wryly.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:16 PM
"It's not an 'undead' thing. It's just kind of… questioning the spirit. If that makes sense. It doesn't disrupt the soul in any way. Just kind of a way to access memories?" Nev is struggling to explain how this isn't terrible.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:16 PM
“That staff, it looks like abyssal work”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:18 PM
“Yes, evidently Orcus was involved in its creation. We found this out using Legend Lore.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:19 PM
Nev looks uncomfortably at the Captain when Lana starts explaining this.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:18 PM
"Ah, that's a relief" Kaz says to Nevaeh, not looking very relieved. She continues telepathically. "Right, you didn't see. Smutlana raised Luna's skeleton when we were fighting Asger. With the staff."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:19 PM
"Wait...is that what that was?!" Nev jumps up, knocking Kaz off her shoulder a bit
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:20 PM
“Unexpectedly, the opportunity presented itself to destroy Asger. In that moment, Neko offered me power. I… couldn’t lose the opportunity.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:20 PM
"You're going to need to explain this me."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:22 PM
Kaz just sighs,  by now used to people blurting out responses to her sneaky telepathy.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:23 PM
(It's so common, we don't even catch it was telepathy anymore)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:23 PM
The captain says, “Orcus is the demon lord of undeath, ruler of Thanatos in the abyss.”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:25 PM
“I wouldn’t love Orcus. I would never serve Orcus. I know who I am and what I stand for.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:27 PM
"I know you wouldn't. You've always been so sure of yourself, Lana, and it's one of the things I admire about ye. But that staff... it's makin' you do things you swore you'd never do. And even if it helped us in the end, even if I think you made the right call in the moment... I can't stand to lose you like that"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:30 PM
“Even my symbiont recoiled in that moment. I felt it… convulse. I used to think that there was no right or wrong way to save the planes, as long as they were saved.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:30 PM
"I'm sorry" She’s still standing, now in the middle of the room. "What is going on here? Lana, you raised poor Luna's skeleton? Not even their body, their skeleton, because that abomination told you to, and used it to fight?" She repeats herself. "You ripped their skeleton from their body, and turned it...undead?" She catches her breath a little on the last word
(btw, where is the staff right now, still in Lana's hands?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:31 PM
(Yes she has it now in her lap)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:31 PM
Couldsilver says “The skull, is it, glaring at you?” He looks unnerved 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:32 PM
(it's glaring at Lana?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:33 PM
(He was speaking to Nev)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:33 PM
(ewwww)
(Does Nev also see the staff "looking" at her?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:34 PM
(When you look, it just looks like a skull)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:35 PM
“I… didn’t know that’s what would happen if I allowed Neko to… but yes. That’s what happened.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:36 PM
"See! He can see it!" She points to the Captain "It's evil, Lana. It made you do something you swore to never do."
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 9:36 PM
Odo looks at Lana, looks at Neko
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:37 PM
Nev is going to pick up her Moon's Hand and turn back to Lana and the staff.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 9:37 PM
( nat 20 on intimidation - 21 total )
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:38 PM
(What are you intimidating them into?)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 9:38 PM
"Neko!!!! I done had told you to behave yourself!!!! You will not harm Lana!!!! You understand!!!! Never!!! Not on my fucking watch!!!"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:38 PM
Kaz lunges to her feet and grabs them both by the shoulders. "Wait wait wait! BEFORE you both try anythin', let's make sure we can safely handle the staff without hurting Lana"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:39 PM
“Well, the choice was mine. I made the choice. And now I have another to make. A choice for life and death, or life and death and undeath.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:39 PM
(What does Lana do when Odo and Nev both seem like they're coming at her?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:39 PM
(Odo appears to be yelling at an inanimate object)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 9:39 PM
(Odo isn't coming at Lana but yelling at Neko)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:40 PM
captain in the back like

John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:41 PM
(Why does flipping out a folding chair look so cool?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:41 PM
(Right?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:41 PM
(He’s got a max charisma score)
Kaz tightens her grip on Odo and Nev, speaking low and fast. "Cursed objects can be linked to their owners in a variety of nasty ways. We need to break any links between them before you hurt Lana"
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 9:43 PM
Odo backs off begrudgingly, stops staring down Neko
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:43 PM
(Nev won't fight it because Kaz is her friend, but boy is she really tense and pissed right now.)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:43 PM
Lana looks into the skull of the staff. “You’ve been good to me Neko. We appreciate your help so far, but as you said, all things live… and all things die. They do not un-die, they are reborn. All things. I’m here to make sure of that.”
(It’s clear that the staff is speaking telepathically to Lana)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 9:43 PM
( is Neko intimidated tho with a nat 20 & 21 total heheheh 😂😅)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:44 PM
Kaz relaxes just slightly, glad to see that Lana is cooperating. "Nev, I believe you once said that the best way to detect a curse is to try to break it. Could you remove any curses on Lana?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:44 PM
gritting her teeth some "Yes, after I've had some rest."
"I want it out of Lana's hands. Now. Are you even able to let it go, Lana?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:45 PM
Smutlana jumps up defensively “Back away!”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:45 PM
She glances around, voice pitching up a little with the strain. "Perhaps Niamh could do it now?" 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:46 PM
"Just drop the staff, Lana."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:47 PM
Smutlana is wild-eyed and crying now “I won’t drop it! I’ll never drop it! You don’t understand…”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:47 PM
"I knew it." Nev starts to move forward again. "It's not you speaking, it's that thing."
"Kaz, can you bring Niamh?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:49 PM
Kaz nods a little frantically, running to do just that
(is this after our short rest, or still during?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:49 PM
(still during)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:51 PM
(Niamh came and healed you and is currently raising Eudora)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:51 PM
(oh shit, that's right.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:51 PM
(is there anyone else Kaz would know to ask?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:52 PM
(For what exactly?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:52 PM
(who could cast Remove Curse)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:53 PM
(Probably someone here could cast that, but there aren’t too many clerics and paladins among the WV, they are more secular)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:54 PM
Kaz would ask Torbold, or whoever else was nearby who might know
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:55 PM
Nev will visibly loosen her grip on her mace and move closer to Lana, seeing her almost scurrying away. "We have to get that thing away from you Lana. It's turning you into something you're not. Against the very thing you stand for, there is no circle with undeath."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:56 PM
“I can’t let you take it from me Nev. Not one step closer… please… don’t make me…”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:57 PM
🍿
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:57 PM
(oh shit)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:57 PM
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:57 PM
(What's Lana's face look like right now?)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 9:58 PM
( 😭 )
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:00 PM
"Lana...make you do what?" Nev stops moving forward.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:01 PM
“I don’t even want to risk finding out. So please… just let this go. Just… just chill out ok? Everything is fine. I’ve got it under control, see?”
Smutlana chuckles and shrugs
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:02 PM
(Does Kaz find anyone?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:03 PM
"This isn't funny, Lana. Not remotely. And I should know, I make ill-timed jokes often."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:05 PM
(Niamh would be the only one who could do it and she’s busy. There are a couple of less powerful clerics but they don’t have it prepared)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:06 PM
"Lana, we're going to have to put the manacles on you until I can address this in the morning. Can you handle that?"
"Just for one night, and we'll keep watch over you."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:06 PM
Kaz rushes back, slowing to a swift walk as she approaches Nev and Lana. She sees that the situation has deteriorated, and thinks quickly
"Oh, uh, good news! I asked Niamh, and she said that she already checked Lana over for curses and that she's fine"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:08 PM
"Oh, Kaz, good, do you have the magic manacles?" 
"Sorry, what?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:08 PM
She smiles, and Nev knows it's far too relaxed and reassured to be anything but a lie. "No need for any violence, or staff-stealing"
Telepathically she says "I couldn't find anyone to cast it. We'll have to wait until tomorrow, and we need Lana calm for that"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:09 PM
Nev looks quizzically at Kaz.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:09 PM
“Do you really think manacles could keep me trapped, Nevaeh? I’m a shapeshifting druid… and why the manacles anyway?!”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:10 PM
"Trapped? Is that what it's telling you we're trying to do?"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:11 PM
Kaz speaks soothingly, putting an arm around both of their shoulders if they'll let her. "Look. It's been a long day. I'll admit, I panicked a bit when I saw Luna. But like I said Lana, I think you made the right choice in the end. Nev, we're not accomplishin' anything here by being at each other's throats. Let's all just... rest for the evening. I'm sure things will feel better tomorrow."
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:11 PM
“You’re trying to take away Neko, I can’t let you do that!” Smutlana turns into a dragonfly and darts off
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:12 PM
"No!"
I wanna try to catch dragonfly Lana.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:12 PM
Ok wow
Could you both roll initiative real quick?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:13 PM
(19)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:13 PM
10 total
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:13 PM
(13 for Kaz)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:13 PM
(Now that is a shock)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:14 PM
So, actually, transforming was really a total surprise so Lana gets a surprise round
You are resting in one of the lounge areas by on the floor where you’re rooms are here
Lana presumably darts off down the hall. Nev can chase after and try to catch lana
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:17 PM
Nev will quite literally jump at the chance.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:17 PM
Lana might be making for an open window?
Ok so Nev make a dexterity attack roll
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:18 PM
Open air escape is the most logical conclusion
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:18 PM
Dex attack roll...
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:18 PM
D20 plus dex 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:18 PM
Oh okay, it's the same as my strength.
Avrae [BOT] — Yesterday at 10:19 PM
@Nevaeh (Alicia)
Result: 1d20 (20) + 1
Total: 21
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:19 PM
omg.
omg.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:19 PM
😱
Looooool
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:19 PM
(this is incredible)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:19 PM
(WHAT is happening)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:19 PM
(Jeez did you hack Discord?)
Nev leaps into the air and snatches the dragonfly
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:20 PM
(I hope everyone was really impressed because that will never happen again)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:21 PM
Cloudsilver says “wow…”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:21 PM
Kaz sighs. "Well, I tried" she murmurs.
She reaches into her bag and pulls out a jar and the Dimensional Shackles
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:22 PM
I think Nev actually stands there for a second, in actual shock.
(Like a dog that catches the car it was chasing)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:22 PM
Ok Lana’s turn, feel free to try to escape the grapple
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:22 PM
Can I put Lana in my alms box? Next to all my holy stuff.
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:23 PM
Smutlana drops wild shape and tries to blind Nevaeh
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:24 PM
Ok con save to Nev
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:24 PM
(9)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:24 PM
Kaz is going to take the first opportunity to Hex Lana's strength, then grab the staff from her.
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:24 PM
Nev is blinded!
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:24 PM
“Nevaeh don’t make me hurt you!!”
Smutlana uses movement to run
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:24 PM
Cloudsilver rolls initiative
Avrae [BOT] — Yesterday at 10:25 PM
@John Dungeon Master 
Result: 1d20 (13) + 9
Total: 22
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:25 PM
"I live for the dark, Lana. I'm not trying to hurt you."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:26 PM
He runs over to see if Nev is ok but doesn’t chase after Lana
“What did she do? Are you ok?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:26 PM
"I'm fine, I just...can't see."
Can I feel around for a vial of holy water and throw it in what I think is Lana's direction?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:27 PM
He moves to help you to a chair. “It should wear off”
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:27 PM
Smutlana is going to try and find a suitable place to hide
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:27 PM
Sure, you splash some water on a wall
Lana runs away
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:28 PM
"Ughhhh"
"She's going to flee and we'll never find her, she's sneaky, we have to stop her"
"Legair, please. It's for all of our safety, especially hers." 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:27 PM
(Can Kaz have tried to grab the Staff before Lana got out?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:28 PM
(She’s holding on to it so she would have to be stunned)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:28 PM
(I couldn't try to wrestle it from her?)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:30 PM
(So the short rest already happened before you guys got to BH is that right?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:30 PM
(We were resting when we started all this as I recall, cuz after the short rest is when we met at the table to talk to the WV, and we went back in time for this)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:31 PM
(no, we were having it now. Hence why Kaz is trying to wrestle the staff from Lana instead of just Banishing her)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:32 PM
I thought you were resting cause you’re just exhausted while people gathered for the meeting
It’s late at night
Like this was an emergency meeting
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:33 PM
(Yeah, we're taking a short rest while we wait.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:34 PM
(Yeah, we didn't want to short rest in the outlands because it was exposed, so we were like "why don't we just go to Brin's Haven and rest there?")
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:34 PM
(Ok so no short rest, actually)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:34 PM
Ok well, to resolve this, the rest had just popped in
Right before this happened
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:34 PM
okay
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:35 PM
In that case, rather than trying to grab the staff from Lana, Kaz just casts Banishment
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:37 PM
9 cha saving throw 🫠
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:38 PM
Lana disappears as if the world ate her. Kaz sighs with relief. "Well. We've got a minute to come up with a better plan"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:38 PM
(How long is Nev blinded for, a minute?)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:39 PM
(I think she gets to keep making saves every round) 
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:39 PM
(Lesser resto removes?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:40 PM
(I don't have spell slots for it)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:40 PM
(you can keep making con saves each round)
"Lana had a point. These cuffs may be magical, but they'll only resize so much. We'll probably need to lock her in a cell for her own safety. One that not even a bug could escape."
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:41 PM
(I guess I'll just roll every so often to see if I hit a 20)
"There's no way there's a space here that's so closed off it is bug-proof"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:43 PM
Kaz groans. "I guess we'll have to stay up all night then. Or... wait! Greater Restoration could probably break a curse too! Nev, do you still have that scroll?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:43 PM
"The scroll! I do have the scroll!"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:44 PM
She whoops with relief. "Perfect! I can let Lana out now, or give you the rest of the minute to prepare. But the moment the spell drops, cast it on her"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:44 PM
(two 18's so far on my blindness saves)
"Kaz, come here so I can give you a big ole kiss, you genius you." Nev flounders around feeling for frizzy red hair
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:47 PM
Kaz hugs Nevaeh tightly. "I'll guide you to where Lana was when she disappeared. Our spells last about the same amount of time if I remember correctly, so hers should wear off right before mine"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:48 PM
(Okay, 4th time I got a 21, so no more blindness)
