    • Hours go by and the scene below us doesn’t change. Shar cultists still polish the inlaid metal arcane circle, the guards keep guarding, and the figure behind the lectern keeps flipping through the book. Every now and then, the cultists place solid black staffs into little circular slots. We can see that there are only four open slots left for the black rods.
        ◦ Kaz makes a sketch of the arcane circle’s general shape, but can’t make out all the fine details
        ◦ We count ~45 human Shar cultists, several green-skinned fiends with golden eyes but no other facial features guarding the tent, and three baylor demons wearing ornate plate armor with gold tracery flying around the gorge
            ▪ we don’t know what kind of fiend the green-skinned ones are. Alicia mentions privately that they could be corrupted celestials
    • Suddenly, there’s a brief flash of light. Asger Mordelin and his jacklewere mage associate Xerfilioc materialize between the lectern and the tent. As they appear, a teleportation circle appears beneath them briefly, then disappears. The faceless, green-skinned fiend guards outside the tent draw their swords and salute. Asger looks around for a bit and casts a spell on himself, then walks over to the lectern.
        ◦ Asger: “Ah, madame Excrecera, so good to see you again”
        ◦ Shar cultist: “Insolent fool. I am concentrating. Begone.” Asger stalks off toward the tent
            ▪ We recognize her exact cloak from Kaz’s vision of her dad’s kidnapping, and from Fredryk’s memory of the woman Branaris was tailing.
    • One of the black-cloaked figures comes up to Excrecera and whispers something in her ear. She turns and approaches the tent, along with Asger and Xerfilioc. We can see a white, six-fingered hand symbol above the throne. Suddenly, a brightly glowing ellipse forms in front of the tent. Graatz, the prince of darkness, appears through the portal, followed by two lamia nobles (like a marelith, but with two arms instead of six and nude from the waist up) and a procession of succubi. Graatz sits langurously on the throne, surrounded by succubi and flanked by the lamias.
        ◦ Asger kneels, but Excrecera doesn’t.
    • There’s a moment of quiet before Graatz speaks. “What are all those sticks?”
        ◦ Excrecera: “My lord, those are something my mistress has requested that we add. They will not affect the outcome.”
          Graatz: “What do they do?”
          Excrecera: “When the power is released from the Shadowweave, they will collect that which is unused”
          Graatz: “Why?”
          Excrecera: “Insurance. My mistress does not trust all of the…” she looks at Asger, “promises.” There’s palpable tension in the atmosphere
          Graatz: “We are indeed behind schedule.” He looks at Asger. “What do you have to say?”
          Asger: flustered “My lord, it’s true that we’re having some difficulties activating the artifact, but we confirmed it does what it should, and we’re pursuing a new line of investigation that should solve all our problems”
          Graatz: “How soon?”
          Asger: “A month, maybe?” He sounds nervous
          Graatz: “Just remember, delays will not be endlessly tolerated, even if my daughter is... amused with you.”
    • Graatz pulls a succubus onto his lap and does obscene shit in full view. Excrecera gives a report to him, laden with jargon we don’t understand, but the disgust in her voice is barely veiled, and she speaks with a stunning level of confidence given the situation. 
    • The cloaked cultists place the last few staffs in holes, then form a circle around the arcane sigils. Excrecera and a few other cultists walk around to inspect everything, then returns to Graatz. “The shadowweave is strong. It is ready” she says.
    • “Good” says Graatz, tossing the succubus aside and striding to the circle. Excrecera returns to the book on the lecturn and starts reading. The three balor demons land and surround Graatz, who has his arms outstretched toward the circle. 
    • A light appears in the center of the 100ft ring, then disappears. A column of deepest dark shrouds the entire ring, reaching up and up and up. Arcs of darkness shoot out into the “sky” above and the void below The darkness roils and heats up the air around it, causing vortices to form and glow in the air around the circle. We hear a growing freight train sound from the cylinder. Graatz chants an incantation, then shoots out a bolt of his power into the center of the circle. A dozen 100 ft diameter portals open all around, and a rain of demons fall through. Graatz & co. start cheering. The Shar cultists are eerily quiet in comparison, continuing to chant.
    • Most of the demons coming through are mareliths, but there are a lot of other kinds too. Their cries of anguish are cacophanous, and we have to cover our ears as they fall out of the portals and down into the chasm itself. The throughput is tremendous, almost a football stadium’s worth of demons falling through each portal every second. Even the ones with wings can’t seem to save themselves. Graatz laughs uproariously, but it’s too loud to hear him. The party watches in numb horror.
        ◦ Every now and then, we see a unique demon we’ve never seen before falls down the chasm as well.
    • Finally, the demon rain falls away to a trickle. The column of darkness fades, but the black staffs have blobs of magical darkness attached to them. Graatz starts making out with one of his lamia guards, then makes his way back to the throne tent.
    • Eventually, Graatz, his entourage, the balor demons, the green-skinned fiends, Asger, and Xerfilioc leave through a portal Graatz creates. The Shar cultists gather up the 48 black staffs, then place little parcels around themselves and vanish. Ten seconds later, a huge explosion goes off and destroys the surface of the shelf.
    • Lana tries to cast Stone Shape to widen the party’s spying crack in the wall so she can fly down and investigate, but her spell completely fails. Instead, Odo smashes through the relatively thin wall with a boulder, then throws the boulder over what’s left of the rock shelf and down into the chasm. We don’t hear it hit the bottom. Odo keeps counting the seconds “until he hears it hit the bottom”
        ◦ Kaz pulls out a dagger once she realizes she can’t cast any magic
        ◦ None of our magic items work either. Kaz is baffled to actually see the bottom of her Bag of Holding
    • Smutlana and Kaz recall that the shadowweave was Shar’s attempt to replace the Weave (generated by Mystra, source of all magic in Toril). Not much is known about the details behind her attempt. The shadowvar had connections to the Shadowweave to do their shadow magic.
        ◦ it’s possible that using the Shadowweave disrupts the Weave?
        ◦ Selune and Mystra are close allies
        ◦ Spell plague (100 years ago) supposedly caused by Cyric (god of murder, alllied with Shar) killing Mystra a second time
    • We start heading back the way we came. About 1000 ft from our hidey-hole, our magic starts to come back, but it’s still weak. Nev considers trying to cast Word of Recall, but realizes as she goes to cast it that it won’t work properly. The Far Flung Fellowship is left to hike the two days back to the point at which they Planeshifted into the chasm. We meet few enemies, and thankfully the ones we do meet are easily dispatched.
        ◦ We cast Sending to let the Watchful Voyagers know the bare minimum (we saw what happened, many demons died, and we’ll share more when we return). We also reschedule the meeting between Lady Renalia and Torbold, since we won’t be back in time to meet them.
    • We finally return to the cavern we originally arrived in. Kaz pulls out a tuning fork and Planeshifts everyone back to Brin’s Haven. We climb up to the command headquarters at the top of Building A. We meet with Leon, who’s happy to see us and completely shocked to see the unrecognizeable Smutlana. She explains that her fungal symbiote had developed enough to reshape her body. He accepts that explanation with a bit of confusion, and leaves to get Torbold, Boswell, and Meili.
        ◦ Kaz asks how Ganth is doing. Leon says he’s still not fully conscious, but his breathing is better and he seems to be on the mend.
    • Kaz explains what the Far Flung Fellowship saw down in the chasm. Boswell recognizes the green-skinned fiends as Ultraloths (the most powerful kind of yugoloth). All three are completely shocked when we say that Graatz showed up. They ask for a description, and Kaz makes an illusory bust of what she saw. The WV say it was either Graatz or an aspect of him, but can’t be sure without Ganth’s input.
        ◦ Odo describes the succubi, since he was paying more attention to them.
    • Kaz finishes with the story. The WV look shellshocked, and even Torbold loses his typical cheer. “This is bad” he says, head in hands. He explains that this situation is beyond what the WV can handle, and that they need to get the word out about what’s happening. We recommend proceeding with the meeting between Torbold and Lady Renalia the following morning, and he agrees. He tells Boswell and Meili that one of them can take over the Watchful Voyagers if he’s compromised, but neither seems to think of themselves as an obvious choice (Ganth was his second-in-command).
    • We rest in Brin’s Haven for the night. Kaz catches up with Angela, who’s starting to feel better after everything that happened before she came to Brin’s Haven. She also casts Sending to her dad, who forgets about the 25 word limit on the spell as usual (she always worries, just before she hears his response, that he won’t be able to respond. So she never has the heart to tell him about the limit, in case he takes more time to think about what he wants to say).
    • Torbold and the Far Flung Fellowship Planeshift back to the Outlands, then make their way to Lady Renalia’s estate through a shifting series of portals. We’re ushered down to meet Lady Renalia in the underground conference room where we met Nezelle. She’s shocked by Smutlana’s transformation, but likewise accepts it after an explanation.
        ◦ Smutlana compliments Lady Renalia’s sense of fashion and playfully asks to borrow from her closet. To our surprise, she acquiesces.
    • Lady Renalia and Torbold introduce themselves to each other and launch into a long conversation that touches on the Vigilant Sentinels, Lord Querial, and all the evidence he has on the corrupted celestials. After quite a while, servants bring in tea and snacks. Eventually, the conversation turns to the general state of affairs with all the groups that normally defend order and goodness, particularly in the upper planes. Most of those groups have never been on great terms with each other, but recently there’s been outright fighting. One of Lady Renalia’s friends has wanted to call a peace conference among the groups, and Lady Renalia would like to do so as quickly as possible.
        ◦ The conversation is roughly chronological with the events we’ve been experiencing. Lady Renalia and Torbold both note that nobody really knows what’s going on in the Lower Planes, and organizations doing business in the lower planes or gathering information there have been systematically wiped out. We get to the Chasm of Utmo incident, and she looks horrified.
            ▪ Lady Renalia knows about the chasm. The Drow don’t really go there because it’s a tremendously long trip to reach it, even from directly above (most drow cities are 5 mi beneath the surface, but the chasm is 15 mi below)
    • Lady Renalia remarks that “If they summoned a lot of demons to kill them, they’d simply reform in the Abyss.” We know that some demons would reform more quickly, probably quickly enough for revenge. She also shares that mareliths are known for being the generals of the Blood War. Prazomal was an arch marelith. We collectively assume that this spell was to get Graatz’s enemies out of the way. 
    • There are now two problems: what will the summoned demons now do in Faerun, and what will happen to the multiverse now that Graatz’s enemies are out of his way.
    • Lady Renalia thinks that the mirror’s decorations are Arvandrian (ancient Elvish civilization)
        ◦ Aravandar was an ANCIENT elvish empire centered on the High Forest (LONG before the Netherese empire, who invented tomb tappers to hunt for their relics). Kaz has probably seen ancient ruins growing up.
    • One of the things that normally protects against lower planar armies entering the upper planes is the planar discordance of these creatures with the plane they intend to invade. Simply planeshifting into the upper planes wouldn’t solve that problem. Kaz and the others suspect that the Conduit, as something connected to an extraplanar entity with the power to destabilize cosmic boundaries, might help overcome that limitation.
    • We all agree that destroying the Conduit is top priority at this point. It also might be best for us to get out of Sigil for the time being, since someone looking for a group of Faerunian plane hoppers would probably look in a neighborhood called “Little Faerun”
    • Lady Renalia has a brand new spelljammer called the Starglimmer, about to take its 2 week maiden voyage to test its systems and train the crew. She recommends we accompany the crew, since we’re unscryable and won’t be in any one place for long. Meanwhile, Lady Renalia will talk to her contacts in the Underdark to find out what the lingering effects of the Utmo Incident are. She’ll also speak to her friend about speeding up the peace talks, and stake her reputation & all that she has about getting the word out about what’s going on so that we can get some allies. She looks uncharacteristically nervous, but shakes it off after after a few seconds.
    • We bid Torbold and Lady Renalia goodbye, return home to pack, then head to meet the Starglimmer. We recognize Mr Basson when he comes to pick us up – they’re one of the hadozee crewmembers we met on the Moonbeam. They lead us through a series of portals to Marvinia. We see an ENORMOUS whale-shaped metal craft where the Rainbow Wing and the Moonbeam were once docked.
        ◦ There are more windows on the nose than there are in the photo
    • A gangplank descends from the juncture between the whale’s head and body. Captain Cloudsilver (wearing a new white uniform with gold trim), Warren Foeslayer (first mate), Mr. Fimrith (spelljammer helmsman), and Laura Montbarrik (who came to rescue us in Arcadia, when we were buying benignitite from the Formians) come out to greet us.
        ◦ cargo is being loaded on a ramp leading up into the whale’s “mouth”. 
    • We climb aboard into a lavish entry commons (room 2 on the Promenade Deck). As Cpt. Cloudsilver gives us the tour, we realize from all the luxurious rooms that this is Lady Renalia’s pleasure cruiser (recently purchased and retrofitted for like 10 million gp). The captain tells us that the ship can actually go underwater, and the fact that it’s completely enclosed in metal is very unusual for a spelljammer. The metal would give the ships some protection from attacks, along with a few ballistae retrofitted to the ship’s nose. The ship itself is a marvel of arcane engineering. 
    • We each pick our own stateroom. Since the crew doesn’t have all of their destinations picked out yet, we’re free to suggest places we’d like to visit.

Text RP
In Lady Renalia’s dressing room
John Dungeon Master — 04/13/2023 12:29 AM
(the crew of the Starglimmer all have to be re-introduced to Smutlana)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/13/2023 12:35 AM
(Can we RP Lana going through Lady R's closet before we left? Because I need that in my life.)
(Also Nev was 100% mortified Lana asked and 100% excited to also see the inside of her closet)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/13/2023 12:38 AM
(SAME)
John Dungeon Master — 04/13/2023 12:56 AM
Lady Renalia has a Stylist/wardrobe coordinator named Narryan who manages her clothing collection.  He is a drow elf who seems to use female-coded language and mannerisms.  Orwin the butler brings you to the wardrobe room and introduces you.  I'm assuming it's just Lana, Kaz and Nev.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/13/2023 1:00 AM
No Odo's allowed back here.
*channel name changes to “sigils_next_top_model”*
(I approve of the new channel name)
John Dungeon Master — 04/13/2023 11:24 AM
🤦‍♂️
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/13/2023 11:24 AM
(Ooh yeah)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/13/2023 11:41 AM
"Thank you Orwin. Your hospitality has been absolutely brilliant. You deserve nothing but the best in this life and the next. You're stunning in every way." Smutlana tiptoes deftly over to the nearest full-length mirror with arm stretched out, as if reaching for the juiciest, most bulbous, vein-iest mushroom just begging to be picked "Narryan, as you are well aware, you are the painter, and this body is the canvas. Shower me then with your artistry?"
John Dungeon Master — 04/13/2023 6:17 PM
He says “hmmmm, perhaps…” and starts pulling things out and holding them up to Smutlana
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/13/2023 6:31 PM
Whispering to Kaz "This new Lana is so complimentary. And tall."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/13/2023 6:32 PM
Kaz nods vaguely, clearly distracted by all the finery. Nevaeh can probably guess that she wishes she could try some of the clothes too
“She’s still the same old Lana underneath, at least”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/13/2023 6:34 PM
"I think your sizes are very similar, you know. It's not often you get to dress up nice..." Nev nudges her forward "Narryan, do you mind?" she asks, pointing at herself, Kaz and the rows of hung up clothing
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/13/2023 6:38 PM
Kaz looks surprised and a little hesitant to impose, but also excited enough at the prospect of fancy clothes not to argue.
She smiles gratefully at Nevaeh. “I’m not used to having the money for anythin’ this nice” she responds telepathically.
John Dungeon Master — 04/13/2023 6:38 PM
Narayan wraps an absurdly large black feather boa around Lana and then pulls out a cloth tape measure and begins measuring Kaz
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/13/2023 6:41 PM
(omg yes, please wrap the former bird in feathers)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/13/2023 6:41 PM
(Hah, I didn’t even think of that)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/13/2023 6:43 PM
Nev nods. "Which is why we must treat ourselves when we can." Nev is going to just touch all the clothes in the closet and feel all the expensive, clean fabrics.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/13/2023 6:47 PM
Kaz smiles at Narryan. “Thank you for doin’ this for us”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/13/2023 6:54 PM
(I like to imagine she's got a bunch of pins in her mouth, tape on her fingers and just flying through things with the fabric measuring tape)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/14/2023 9:11 AM
Smutlana retracts and deflates her extra fungal appendages for the fitting
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 11:24 AM
(Ok so, if you want to take up to three clothing items and add them to your inventory you can. Her collection is very expansive so feel free to imagine any clothing items you want and add them)
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/14/2023 12:04 PM
(tbh it was more of a whimsical observation than an ask with no expectation of follow through at the time, but since LR was so gracious, i mean... fuck)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 8:13 PM
Kaz would take this dress for at least one of her outfits from Lady Renalia’s closet
(I feel like it’s fitting because I know @Nevaeh (Alicia) gave both Kaz and Lady R this dress in the Sims)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 8:14 PM
YES
do it
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 8:21 PM
But what color though?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 8:25 PM
Mm, I do like the black
She probably also sees a few nice cloaks and gets the idea to make her cloak a deep purple velvet
(As opposed to whatever material it was before)






Aboard the Starglimmer
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 8:37 PM
(Did anyone have any input on the ship’s destination? You obviously don’t have much knowledge of wild space so far but the voyage is flexible and Captain Cloudsilver is open to ideas)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 9:47 PM
Kaz would suggest the Beastlands, Mt. Celestia, and Ysgard, since those are the upper planes she hasn’t been to yet
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 9:51 PM
I like Beastlands and Mt Celestia too
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 10:07 PM
Did you guys sleep in sigil after meeting with lady Renalia before going to the ship? Or is it still the 19th?
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 10:19 PM
Still the 19th
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 10:21 PM
It's been a really long day
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/15/2023 11:50 AM
Smutlana would recommend the Feywild and Shadowfell for balance
But obvi, rn, for a vacay, the Shadowfell could be skipped
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 11:54 AM
So they explain that the Feywild and the Shadowfell are places that aren’t really accessible by spelljamming because they are linked to the prime plane by crossings, but are not connected to the astral plane. There may be crossings in wildspace but finding one thats large enough for a ship this size would be a task 
The outer planes can be reached via the astral color pools though
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/15/2023 11:56 AM
Damn.
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 11:56 AM
Mount Celestia has laws about spelljamming that they don’t want to run afoul of, but they are happy to visit the Beastlands 
Each prime world has its own feywild and shadowfell, theyre really reflections of the prime
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/15/2023 12:00 PM
Beastlands sounds the most fun, ysgard sounds great (maybe we can get some anti fiend weapons there?), and then there’s good ol Elysium for the happy fun times
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 2:38 PM
The Gates of the Moon are in Ysgard, so perhaps in the same way the Captain might not be keen to visit Elysium, Nev might not be keen to visit Ysgard. Though… I would be curious what our connection would be like if I did go there....
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/15/2023 5:05 PM
In the Beastlands, Smutlana would want to go on the most epic and diverse safari to find cool creatures to polymorph or shapeshift into!
Also find exotic fungi
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 5:08 PM
Yeah, I think Beastlands for the legit vacation and then Ysgard later for maybe more serious business
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 5:09 PM
They first have to spend a few days in wildspace doing some tests of the systems and exercises etc. so you have a few days to enjoy the excellent onboard amenities. 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 5:11 PM
yesss I'll test out the pool temperature
we'll make so many new friends, especially the onboard chef
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/15/2023 7:44 PM
Pool & game room sound fun
Kaz would probably play with magic a bit
She would also warn Tinkerreach that Asger was redoubling his efforts to find the mirror, and offer to take her to Brin’s Haven for her own safety
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 8:50 PM
(Tinkerreach says she’s fine)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 8:51 PM
(Not willing to go elsewhere?)
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 8:51 PM
(She just says “thanks, I’m fine”)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 9:00 PM
Kaz seems to debate herself for a moment, then casts a final Sending spell. “He’s allied with Graatz, Shar priestesses, and all manner of evil and powerful creatures. Are you sure?”
*there’s no reply*
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 11:42 AM
(I think I missed it among the tour commotion last session, but, the moonbeam was still in for repairs and the rainbow wing was....?)
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 11:43 AM
(Also in for repairs because it was heavily damaged while smuggling the weaponry out of Arcadia)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 11:48 AM
"This might be a dumb question but...the attacks on the ships, have those gotten more frequent lately, or has that always just been a part of the job?"
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 12:26 PM
(I assume you’re asking the captain?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 12:36 PM
(Yeah, it's more of a question about if the ships have been getting more fucked up since we got involved basically.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 1:52 PM
(I assume we’re hanging out in the nearby observation deck?) 
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 1:54 PM
(That was the last place you saw on the tour. So the captain has to go soon to prep for departure.)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 1:56 PM
(I specifically said Odo needed a room closer to the kitchen and I think me and Kaz were getting a room closer to the pool? lol but yeah, we got the full tour, unofficially since we were kinda done with the session)
During the tour Nev also wants to ask the Captain about his new uniform.
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 7:37 PM
He says that their uniforms are all brand new. They were designed to go with this ship.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 7:48 PM
Oh okay, so it's not promotion based, just matching with everyone else to be fancy pants.
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 7:57 PM
(He was also promoted. This is the flagship. His new rank is technically “Captain general of the fleet” but he’s still just called captain)
(Mr. Lurtan, the sailing master of the moonbeam, was promoted to be its new captain) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 8:12 PM
(Ooooo extra fancy.)
"The white looks really good on you and I'm happy to see you again, thank you for the tour, okay I'm going to my room now byeeeeeee" She calls back to the Captain as she awkwardly disappears
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 9:12 PM
(Are there comm systems on this ship? Like from room to room?)
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 9:14 PM
(There are cords you can pull to call for servants, but no comm systems. The bridge does have speaking tubes that are magically amplified in other areas like the engineering rooms though)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/14/2023 9:22 PM
(no prank calls to rooms, got it)
(y'all aren't ready for vacation Nevaeh)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 9:45 PM
(It hasn’t sunk in for Kaz yet that she’s on a vacation)
John Dungeon Master — 04/14/2023 10:54 PM
A magically amplified voice seems to come from all around: “Ladies and gentlemen, this is the captain. We will be getting underway soon. There will be some motion in the floor so please mind your balance or take a seat. All hands, prepare to cast off”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/14/2023 10:57 PM
Already seated, Kaz continues to gaze out of the large windows in the Observation Lounge.
“I’m still shocked that Lady Renalia just… let us have things from her closet,” she muses. “I know she can afford it, but it just seems so personal” 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 12:43 AM
Nev is staring off towards the amplified voice, fanning herself "Oh my goddess...Is it hot in here? It feels really hot, are you hot, Kaz? It feels hot, like..." She feels her neck and is clearly in a full body blush "Oh...help me Kaz." She buries her red face into her hands 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/15/2023 12:46 AM
Kaz uses Prestidigitation to send a cool breeze Nevaeh’s way
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 2:01 AM
"This is actually helping, Thank you" 
"I think this observation deck is the best place to be for take off. Want to go stand at the end there?"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — 04/15/2023 11:44 AM
“Lady Renalia has a remarkable trust in us. It’s almost like we’re family now.”
“She gave us this opportunity to rest, and after all we’ve been through recently, we need it. The greatest dangers lurk right around the corner.”
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 12:12 PM
The ship jolts forward and you start to move. Through the windows in the observation lounge you watch to the rear as the ship leaves the mouth of the concealed base in the asteroid Marvinia, and you see the asteroid recede from view and the ship moves out into the void of space, stars glittering brightly all around.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 2:41 PM
"Magical"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/15/2023 7:40 PM
She sighs, and a weight seems to drop off her shoulders as she stretches her arms above her head. “Well, I’m grateful to her for the vacation. And I’m glad we found people who care about us, even so far from home.”
As the ship takes off, she watches the stars go by with just as much wonder as the first time she flew on a spelljammer. “Aye. Magical.”
She chuckes softly. “Literally”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 8:54 PM
She chuckles "Literally. Indeed."
"I look up at the stars all the time, my whole life, and they never cease to be magical."
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 9:08 PM
After the ship has cruised for a while a human steward comes to tell you all that dinner is served in the main dining room if you would care to eat
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 9:10 PM
Nev's gonna put on some proper dinner clothes and head down.
(so I found this cool design, could potentially something Moonstar Noble related be living in Nev's wardrobe?) 
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 11:55 PM
(Sure)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 11:56 PM
(woo! Okay, that's what I'm wearing to dinner then. My Lady R dress is gonna have to be for something really fancy)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/15/2023 10:36 PM
Kaz will make her cloak fancy enough for dinner and follow.
(Velvet is probably fancy enough anyway?)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 10:51 PM
(very fancy and respectable)
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 11:20 PM
(By the way, when you inspect your rooms, you find to your amazement, that each one has a compact adjoining bathroom with running water and a toilet) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 11:24 PM
(In that case Nev might be fashionably late to dinner cuz she's definitely taking a bath)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/15/2023 11:47 PM
(Kaz, in the bathroom looking at a running water toilet) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 11:48 PM
(me the first time I used a bathroom in a Japanese house)
(same applies for a bathroom at a public restroom)
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 11:50 PM
(Also there is hot running water)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 11:51 PM
Nev is going to cry in the bathtub and then submerge herself. (lol too many emotions)
John Dungeon Master — 04/15/2023 11:53 PM
(You can see why this ship was so expensive)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/15/2023 11:56 PM
(yeah, and what a waste of an investment if the universe collapses, so I see the Lady's concern lol)
(I don't know if anybody in the party is going to wait for her, but Nev is going to accidentally take her time getting ready and be late for dinner.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/16/2023 9:01 AM
(Kaz would probably wait. She’d take her own bath as well, but finish sooner than Nev)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 1:46 PM
(uh...while we're on these adventures, can anybody on the ship or otherwise let Nev know if she needs to attune to her planar adaptation necklace? or well, if the air on a plane is potentially dangerous for us lol)
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 1:47 PM
(Yes)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 7:42 PM
Kaz makes her way into the main dining hall with Nevaeh, wearing a simple but elegant elvish gown she must have picked up in Torthyr.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:09 PM
(I can 100% see Kaz in this)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 8:10 PM
(It’s so pretty and floaty!)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 8:10 PM
What's it look like in the dining hall?
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 9:07 PM
The floor is hard wood, and the walls are covered with mosaics. The side walls have windows, but they are more like mirrors because of the light in the room coming from three large magically lit chandeliers. The ceiling is covered with a starry night mosaic, with silver tiles for stars. Several large tables are arranged in the room but only one is set. The captain, 1st mate, and two spelljamming officers rise to greet you when you enter. A steward hands each of you the nights menu and stands ready to take your orders.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:26 PM
Kaz marvels at the decor until she reaches the table. She smiles politely at everyone present. “Good evening” she says in Elvish, then switches back to Common. “I hope you all weren’t waiting long?
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 9:40 PM
Nev has seen some fancy, posh stuff in her life. The House of the Moon and it's majesty was regular viewing for her, but even she is impressed by this dining hall, on a ship of all things. She'll spend extra attention looking at the starry night mosaic on the ceiling before sitting. 
She'll curtsy and greet everyone in common "I take full responsibility for keeping you waiting on such beauty," as she looks at Kaz in her pretty Elvish attire "I sincerely apologize. The facilities are incredible and I had to take advantage of them after the long couple of days we've had." She greets the Captain in Celestial, separately. "It's good to see you, Captain. It's been a while since we last ate on a Spelljammer together." Thinking back to literally the first time they all met she'll flash her eyes glowing white like she did the last time she sat down with him/them. 
She'll start looking over the menu.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 9:43 PM
Kaz chuckles good-naturedly, bowing slightly at Nev’s compliment. Her grin widens as she overhears the Celestial, but she doesn’t comment on it.
Picking up her own menu, she places her order with the steward, then turns back to the table. “So, Captain, congratulations on your promotion”
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 10:36 PM
He says, “I’m very pleased to welcome you all back. With luck, this time we’ll finish the meal without getting attacked by Neogi. And (turning to Kaz) thank you, I was very honored to be entrusted with this ship, she’s marvelous, isn’t she”
(So during the meal he explains some things which I’ll summarize: 1) they’ve been given instructions to the effect that you are to be treated as honored guests 2) the ship has a full staff of guest-care specialists onboard so you are invited to make use of all the services 3) the crew are still new to this ship and learning and testing all of its systems. 4) they will be spending the next 3 days doing engineering tests in wild space and making sure all of the spelljammers are confident with the ship. [Fimreth interjects to say he’s always confident]. 5) they will then move to the astral plane where they will spend another day doing trials and then they can visit Krigala (the 1st layer of the Beastlands). 6) they can only fly in the beastlands but if you want you can go down to the surface in the launch.) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:53 PM
(Ooo so we can help them bug test the ship, nice)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:55 PM
Kaz blushes slightly as she sends a telepathic message to Nev. “I don’t have any swim clothes, but… I doubt the Lady will mind too much if we skinny dip?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:59 PM
Nev gives a knowing nod then giggles.
"So what type of services can we sample while here? What would you recommend?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:18 PM
Fimreth says “the masseuses are excellent”
Laura turns to him and says “you got a massage?” He smiles slightly and says “I befriended them”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:24 PM
"Sounds like good friends to have."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:25 PM
(They tell you about the other things including that the bar is always tended there in the dining room outside of meal times if you need a drink or food. Or the stewards will bring you anything you need wherever you are in the ship) 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:29 PM
"I think a massage sounds excellent. Who should I see Mr. Fimreth? I don't want to get more beat up than I usually do, so someone with a light hand."
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:33 PM
“They can both be gentle, if that’s what you prefer…”
“Thalia and Lyra”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:34 PM
"Oh, perfect."
"How long have you all been on the ship, getting it ready for its maiden voyage?"
John Dungeon Master — Yesterday at 11:37 PM
Leagair says “around a month”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:47 PM
"Oh, yes. It shows. It really is incredible." Remembering she's definitely sent messages to him when he sounded super busy and the whole whoops left him on read thing causing a slight panic, she continues sheepishly in Celestial. "I apologize for any messages sent at inopportune times. Or… not sent at all." She starts to say more then just stops and leaves it at that.
"So...what's everyone having? Oh! I'd love to meet the chef if they don't mind visiting us tonight."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 11:55 PM
“I got the grilled fish and the Elysian wine.” She places her napkin neatly across her lap. “What about you?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:09 AM
"Elysian wine too. Once was not enough!" She chuckles "I um, went with the venison. Not the most dainty meal on the menu, but I am famished."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:36 AM
“Ah, who cares about dainty anyway? Food’s fer eatin’, not pickin’ away at”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:38 AM
"Yeah, just...habit I guess."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:39 AM
Kaz takes a sip of water. “So, what kind of things do they teach nobles, aside from how to eat daintily?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:43 AM
Quietly "Well, that it's rude to speak among others in an uncommon language. So, I'm 0 for 2 tonight." Not whispering anymore. "My etiquette teacher would be so upset. Though it wouldn't be the first time." She giggles as she drinks her water.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:45 AM
She chuckles. “Oh? Sounds like you have a few stories there”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:46 AM
"School of all types wasn't particularly my strong suit. Well, except riding classes. But who doesn't love getting out in the open air, wind in your face, trusty steed excited for the exercise."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:50 AM
“True enough. Though, I was always a bit more bookish.” She places her journal on the table beside her, opening it to an early page with a soft smile. “I still have all my old notes in here, from when I first started at the Conclave. I miss it, but not as much as I thought I would. Probably because I actually get to see all the planes I’ve studied”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:51 AM
"Imagine the stories you could share with them now. That book is… invaluable"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:54 AM
She pats it gently. “Aye. I’ve copied a few of the more unique passages, but all of my notes about Exilicor, and about the demons and devils, and everythin’ else are in here”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 12:56 AM
"Maybe we should look into having the book magically protected. Not that it would come to that, since whoever tried to take it would have to get through all of us, but… you know. For peace of mind."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 12:58 AM
She opens her mouth to respond, then pauses, brow furrowed. “Actually… I don’t think it can be permanently destroyed. I’ve… I don’t know how to explain it, but I get the feelin’ that if I were to lose it, I could still get it back somehow”
“As long as I’m alive, anyway…” she trails off
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:03 AM
"Mmm, well that's good to know, or… feel. I'm 0-3 now, bringing up inappropriate topics at the dinner table. One should always try to be entertaining and agreeable. Haha. Nobody invites Debbie Downer to dinner."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 1:04 AM
Kaz waves her off. “I’m the one that brought it up.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:06 AM
"We should change the topic anyways. We shouldn't think about that stuff now. We're laying low and on vacation!" 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 1:07 AM
“Right!” Kaz raises her glass, clinking it against Nev’s
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:40 PM
Odo has just been keeping quiet and trying to be behaving well while being mesmerized by the ship and the awesome dinner that had happened
( if there is a chance that we wind up on the quarter deck at any point in time Odo will take a very keen interest to persuasively request to be able to spend some much needed and desired time in the "trash jettison"  ) [ 12 for a persuasive check ]
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:45 PM
(They’re happy to show it to you but it’s just like a hatch that they drop trash out of)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Today at 1:48 PM
Odo is beyond excited and will spend some time taking in the sights, sounds and smells of the trash jettison room
"’Reckon now if there done be any trash that done be a’ needin’ to go through this here hatch, I done well be mighty excited to toss it out in this here hatch"
(Odo offers to help dispose of trash because he's elated about the idea of getting to toss stuff out the hatch)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 1:59 PM
(it's the little things)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 2:00 PM
“Does the trash just… float in Wildspace forever?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:39 PM
"Odo, please don't get sucked into the trash jettison."

