    • during the rest, we see another nothic eye peek around the corner, then vanish
    • Kaz reads the Tome of Clear Thought for 8 hr (takes 48 hr to give the +2 int, also permanently increases your max int score to 22)
    • we go to the next room. Seems to be some sort of kitchen, with basins/cauldrons against one wall, remnants of broken containers, and pipes sticking out of walls & floor. on the wall between the two doors is a large cylindrical metal tank with protruding knobs and pipes leading up to the ceiling, and a fire pit/metal implements nearby. There’s a large, toppled floor-to-ceiling metal case in one corner emitting some unusual smells
        ◦ Kaz finds a metal lockbox in what’s left of a cabinet underneath an obsidian(?) countertop. It’s locked, but there’s some sort of object inside. She spends the next several minutes repeatedly freezing water in the lock to weaken it, but decides to do it later
        ◦ Nevaeh sees various accoutrements on the floor that seem similar to Odo’s dad’s Netherese curio cabinet, realizes that the room is probably an Alchemy room
            ▪ She and Odo were never allowed into the curio cabinet room
        ◦ Zug, Nev, and Odo work together to lift the enormous cabinet. There are the remains of many shattered vials underneath, along with a few intact ones.
            ▪ small, thick glass vial with some liquid, ceramic vial with some liquid, metal cannister with a label written in Loross
        ◦ Zugg finds a smoky glass orb, which says: “remember to bring poster for incandescent sword prototype”
        ◦ Kaz messes with the tank and gets hit by a cloud of acid. The remaining acid leaks out of the tank, so she collects a vial of it
    • We leave the room and go to the end of the hall. We hear the faint doleful music just past the final door. Zug mimics it to see what happens, the music beyond the door stops, and heavy footsteps approach the door.
    • We post up around the door, ready for a fight. The footsteps don’t come through, so with a shared look and a nod, Zug and Odo push the double doors open. Inside is an enormous auditorium. The seats have long since rotted away, and in their place are millions of candles covering the floor. Down on the stage is a nothic ,looking up at us. It holds a bone flute in its hands
    • Kaz and Odo awkwardly compliment the nothic on its music. Nevaeh starts to walk into the room, picking her way through the candles, when a towering 12ft Shield Guardian tries to punch her. The nothic runs up the aisleway toward us, sweeping up the candleflames into a wave of fire and blasting it at Zug. The shield guardian shows that it’s determined to protect the nothic, rather than fight us – Odo sees that the nothic is controlling it with a glowing ovoid metallic amulet (control gem – he later gives the dead gem to Kaz)
    • Zug casts a tidal wave of spores which knocks over the nothic and the shield guardian and suffocates all the candleflames in a 30ft circle
    • Odo manages to grapple the nothic and force its rotting gaze away from the rest of us, freeing us from the nothic’s madness. The nothic retaliates, knocking Odo briefly unconscious
    • We pummel the nothic and its shield guardian until they’re both looking hurt. Seeing its chances of survival dwindling, the nothic makes a run for it
    • Odo regains consciousness, stands up, knocks the shield guardian to the ground, and shatters it in one blow
    • frustrated, exhausted, and terrified after feeling the nothic’s rotting gaze and seeing it drive her friends mad, Kaz screams at it, demanding to know what it and its bretheren want. She blasts it to death, then keeps blasting wildly until she finally notices its no longer moving
        ◦ she sits down for a moment after the fight, putting her face in her hands to collect herself
        ◦ also takes the nothic’s instrument with her
    • There’s an ornate, gemstone-studded wooden chest against the back wall of the stage. Nevaeh opens it and its empty, but seems magical
        ◦ abracadabrus – when the lid is closed, touch it and name a nonmagical item worth 1gp or less. the named object appears in the chest
        ◦ Kaz uses the box to manifest the key to the lockbox
            ▪ collection of gems (10 gems worth 100gp each: amber, jade, amethyst, garnet, pearl. also diamond worth 300gp)
    • Zug finds a tarnished silver ten-pointed star pendant near the lectern. starting from the top point and going clockwise, point 8 is gold (Lorfunius)
    • The party excitedly uses the abracadabrus to make things. Kaz and Nevaeh make matching cloaks. Odo makes some of Lyesgiel’s favorite tea for everyone, hoping that he’s alright. Missing her dad after the earlier conversation, Kaz makes her dad’s famous stew and everyone takes an hour to rest, eat, and drink
    • about 20 minutes into the respite, another nothic peers around the door nearest the stage. It’s the one with the bracer. Kaz immediately transfers her hex to it, but doesn’t pursue it. The nothic pops its head in a few more times during the short rest, but always runs away immediately. Kaz can see that it has another star pendant around its neck
    • after the rest, we go through the door by the stage. beyond it is a long hall, with bars at the end. Odd striations and budding white protrusions stick out from the walls of the last 30-40ft of the hallway. The nothic seems to be watering the odd lumpy protrusions with a silver pitcher. One of the largest ones starts to wiggle.
        ◦ Zug can see that they look like the tentacle creature that attacked us in the mine, but younger
    • as we look down the hall, we hear a moaning voice say “Erfessa, why?” Kaz recognizes the name Erfessa as one of the other uvorin decemvirate
    • We see the nothic look at us and start to pull the creature from the wall. We all leap into battle to stop it from emerging, but the nothic manages to pull the creature out as we attack. The mangler is terrifyingly fast and vicious, and apparently aberrant
    • The mangler slashes the hells out of Odo as it runs by. Kaz casts Dissonant Whispers on it, and though it’s immune to psychic damage it DOES have to run as far from Kaz as its speed allows. It runs back by Odo again, and he retaliates by somehow managing to knock it to the ground just long enough to slash the absolute SHIT out of it. He finally cleaves it in two
    • Kaz turns the corner, says “hello Erfessa” and blasts the SHIT out of the nothic. Zug finishes it off with a Sporebeam, vaporizing it and finally fulfilling his inexplicable quest to kill the nothic with the bracer
        ◦ the bracer is half of a set of Bracers of Defense. Together, they add +2 to defense if the wearer isn’t wearing armor already
        ◦ the silver pitcher the nothic dropped is sculpted to look like ocean waves, and is enchanted to produce endless water
    • The nothic drops another one of the silver star pendants when it vaporizes. The third point is golden (Pollahr)
    • We see a spectral figure manifest, still crying out “Erfessa,” then disappear through the wall
    • Down the hallway are more white tendrils attached to incipient, immature white creatures; the gate; and a door just before the gate. Past the gate is a branch to the left which ends in a massive sliding blast door, a normal door to the right, and a collapse 25ft ahead
        ◦ the door before the gate is a massive metal thing, and it’s locked. It’s labelled “Planar Expedition Prep Room” in Loross.
    • 25ft past the gate, Kaz spies a glimmer of metal almost buried in a pile of dust just in front of the collapse. Zug wildshapes into a monkey and crawls through the gate, and discovers a ring of keys that open all the nearby doors/gates
    • Behind us, we can feel the footsteps of something huge, drawing closer
    • “Planar Expedition Prep Room” is just before the gate inside we see racks of decaying equipment and a locked vault at the back of the room. We unlock it, find a rack with a number of items
        ◦ Kaz looks extra hard, finds a compartment under one of the pedestals holding up the planar stuff. Box holding 3 vials of greater healing health potions
        ◦ pair of shackles, a little rack intended for darts (4 ornate darts present), tuning fork rack (only has one fork), 2x2x4ft box with metal poles and canvas labelled “gravity tent” in Loross, matching bracer to the nothic’s bracer, contraption that looks like a sextant, rack of 4 necklace-like things (below), and an urn (below)
    • “Planar Xenobiology Scrutatoria” is the door on the right just past the gate. The door opens to reveal a long hallway with a door 40ft down at the end and nothing else. The far door opens to reveal a room with prison bars running along its length as some sort of “airlock” to keep things from getting through. with subrooms sectioned off in each corner. In the middle is the remains of a decayed table. On the far side of the room is another door with the words “Specimen Storage” in Loross
        ◦ Scrutatoria basically means laboratory
    • Specimen room has enormous transparent cylinders of various sizes (10x10ft to 20x20ft). Pipelike things come out of boxes and connect to the cylinders, with levers labelled “Release” and “Confine” in Loross. Floating in the cylinders are various creatures trapped in stasis. At the far end is a door to another room, with a sign that says “Infusion Room”
        ◦ “Infusion Room”: as Kaz gets next to the door, she feels cold, and the handle is so icy that she needs to wrap her hand in order to touch it



        ◦ some of the creatures in the containers:
        ◦ there’s also an amorphous blob of water in one of the tanks
        ◦ horrifying one is fiendish, winged horse is celestial, the clockwork eye is a modron, and the amorphous water blob and the dust creatures are small elementals. Kaz remembers that Lyesgiel used Primeval Awareness a while back and sensed creatures from all the planes. These are probably them
    • We pull the lever to release the pegasus. The cylinder retracts into the ceiling, the pegasus wakes up, and immediately freaks out, bucking and panicking and smashing the tanks nearby



Text RP
(takes place during the short rest in the auditorium)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 1:16 PM
the candles at the edges of the auditorium continue to burn, casting your quivering shadows against the back wall...
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 1:19 PM
Kaz admires her new cloak, enjoying the way its silver trim shimmers in the candlelight “You’ve got good taste, Nev”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 1:53 PM
with a warm and battle-hardened smile, Zug chuckles “Kukukukukuku… The best taste in cape-ry… and the best taste in battlemates, if I might be so bold. Praise to the Moon Mother.” zug gingerly sips his tea, pinky up, as is his wont
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 2:00 PM
zug lightheartedly cajoles Nev into talking more about herself “So Nevaeh, what irony is it that fate would give you such magnificent wings and yet clip mine? Are they a gift from the blessed Selune? Could we issue a prayer in her name and solicit a shiny new pair of wings for an inconsolable little kenku mushboy? Or is not quite so simple as that?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 2:22 PM
cheers to Kaz and cheers to Zug "Praise be to She Who Guides"
“There's always a reason for everything. Even if it's not the reason we want to hear sometimes. My wings, like my hair” she finger combs the golden locks “is a gift from my father. My ears too.” Touching the slightly pointed tips, she gives a knowing nod to Kaz “How were your wings "clipped" exactly, Zug? I don't think I've heard that story.”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 2:31 PM
“Oh wow. Must be nice to know who your father is. The only father I've ever known was a kenku patriarch named Stinkmaggot who was in charge of the rakshasa's slaves... and though I always advocate not to judge a book by its title, I don't think it's hard to follow that story to its logical conclusion. Stinkmaggot was a bit of a cunt, to be honest.”
“As for the wings, no one really knows for sure how it happened because it was so long ago, but the wings and flight of the kenku were supposedly stripped from them by some powerful entity.
Legend has it that it had something to do with the incredible greed of the kenku at the time.
Also stripped from the kenku was their ability to speak. They were only able to mimic sounds they'd heard before, albeit perfectly. A curse upon my species everlasting.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 2:35 PM
(I guess I probably should have know they were more like penguins and less like domestic clipped parrots lol)
“That's a lot of curses. To let you keep your wings but take away the ability to fly, AND mimic speech only.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 2:36 PM
(I mean, Kenku are pretty rare afaik. You might not know ¯\_(ツ)_/¯) 
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 2:36 PM
(honestly not sure how common knowledge it is about the curse of the kenku, but nev might have known having come from waterdeep, and also potentially from history or religious training)
(she would probably have at least known that kenku do not speak freely, and would have been more surprised that zug actually could)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 2:40 PM
(good call)
“How come if your people can only mimic, you speak freely, and so well? You even know all the curse words and how to use them.”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 3:01 PM
munching absent mindedly on a mushroom cupcake, zug sighs in pensive exasperation and begins to explain 

“Well darling, it all started when I ate what I thought was a mushroom but ended up being a slime demon. Easy mistake, could have happened to anyone. So at first when I found I could speak freely, I thought "Oh well it must be the will of the Carrion King Psilofyr." Ya know, giving me the chance of rebirth from a metaphorically dead, empty vessel, that whole bit. And then I learned about Zuggtmoy, evil fungus demon queen, and I was like, "Oh no she didn't, fuck that noise, I'm gonna take her down and I'M gonna be the badass fungus queen but NOT evil and in the name of PSILOFYR." So I named myself ZuggtBOY. The Smutwhisper part came from the sultry way I talk and plus it's just a little bit naughty, iddinit?”
“Anywho, we found out later that the whole hating Zuggtmoy narrative was implanted in my brain from the demon slime that was inside me... and so now I'm kinda just at a loss for the whole thing. Is it really the will of Psilofyr? Am I really Zuggtboy Smutwhisper? Who am I?”
“That's why I gotta make it to this wacky place called Mechanus. I guess it's this magical realm of... oh i dunno... logic creatures? I dunno much about it. But evidently, Psilofyr lives there. I need to meet Psilofyr and see if this can be all sussed out because I am feeling some type of way about it girl! Kukukukukuku...” Zug tries to laugh off the awkwardness “Have another cupcake, anyone? Pairs brilliantly with the tea as it turns out.”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 3:26 PM
“ohhhhhhhh, I did overhear something about you eating a yucky slime. I didn't realize it's what gave you your voice back.” She reaches for a cupcake and starts to munch “Wait a second, are you still infected with a demon...slime?” She stares at the cupcake
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 3:58 PM
“Oh no. I expelled the demon with the help of the Great Lord of the Myconids at a wonderful holy site underground. Then we killed the slime.”
“The deadliest thing in these cupcakes is probably just the caaaaarbs! Aiieeeeeeee kukukuku...”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:00 PM
She shrugs and keeps eating the cupcake
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:08 PM
Kaz leans back. “Sounds like we’re all on a quest of self-discovery. Well, at least you and I are, Zug. I don’t want to speak for ya, Nevaeh”
“Still, between Mechanus and Celestia, you’ll need a planar expert to guide ya” she gives the group a hesitant, but genuine grin “I suppose it doesn’t hurt that my patron gives me some sort of planar magic as well”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 3:53 PM
Zug tries to hide his surprise at hearing a formal mention of kaz's patron, but is innocently interested 

“So you have a patron, Kaz? Does it give you powers like Selune gives to Nev? Or is it different? Does it have a name? Would it fancy a cupcake?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:58 PM
Kaz fiddles with the corner of her robe. "I mean, I've gotta have one. I certainly couldn't do magic before. But I don't know anything about whatever made contact with me through that mirror, other than the fact that it knew about the uvorim decemvirate. I'm hopin' maybe they knew what it was, or wrote somethin' down somewhere that can help me. They certainly weren't strangers to talkin' to people on other planes"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 3:26 PM
“My quest is less self-discovery and more uh....well, do you know what I am?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:31 PM
Kaz studies Nevaeh. “Um, not really? You don't seem half-elven, at least”
John Dungeon Master — Today at 3:34 PM
(So Nevaeh had said she was looking for a way to get to the “Celestial Plane” which I think was her way of referring to the heavenly planes, the upper planes. But Kaz you would know there is a specific plane called Celestia that may or may not be where Nevaeh is interesting in going.)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 3:35 PM
(Kaz would definitely assume she meant Celestia, but might be wrong)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 3:38 PM
(me and Nev might both not be sure I know where I'm going lol I have a general idea but don't think I'd know ALL the planes)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 3:59 PM
Nevaeh stares right into Kaz's eyes and speaks in Celestial. “You can understand me.” After a second, she continues “How much do you know about Aasimar?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:00 PM
Kaz looks surprised, but responds in Celestial “How could you tell I spoke the language?”
(@John Dungeon Master do I know anything about aasimar?)
John Dungeon Master — Today at 5:42 PM
You're familiar with the concept
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:04 PM
continuing in Celestial “I didn't.” She gives off a cheeky grin, losing all the previous intensity. “But if you didn't then the look on your face when I started speaking would have been amazing.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:05 PM
She chuckles, a bit abashed "What look do people usually make when you do that?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:11 PM
“I mean, I'm not supposed to do it really...but I do sometimes like to see them ask me if I've had too much to drink, or if I need a healer, stuff like that haha”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:13 PM
"I've always thought it sounded lovely, personally. But why aren't you 'supposed' to do it?"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:17 PM
"Just draws more attention to me. Plus nobody speaks it so I mostly just talk in my head. Or did, anyways."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:19 PM
She nods understandingly "Whenever I spoke Common in the High Forest, I'd get plenty of strange looks. It went the other way when I passed through human cities and spoke Elvish."
"But to answer your other question, I don’t know much about aasimar"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:26 PM
In Elvish “I'm glad you can understand that a bit too.” Her Elvish is not nearly as good as her Celestial or Common
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:28 PM
Kaz looks thrilled regardless, switching to Elvish "You speak very well! It's nice to hear my other primary tongue again" 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 4:52 PM
continues in Elvish “Thank you, I need a lot of practice. If you don't mind.”

“Aasimar are like... Special, I guess.” She laughs at calling herself special. “We get our powers and are guided by celestial beings from birth. Like so... My mom was human right.” She points to Odo “She fought alongside Odo's father back in the day. Anyways, later in her life she fell in love with a boy, as the story goes, and I'm the product of that. Only, he wasn't an ordinary boy, he was from another plane, like Selune and other deities and stuff. Like you guys were talking about before, all the different planes out there. He's from one of them.”

“It's why I feel like I have such a strong connection to the heavenly planes and why between that and my mother also being a cleric of Selune it all just made sense. This life fits me just right. Like a nice set of fresh undergarments. Helpful, necessary and clean.”
(me typing and getting annoyed at people at work pinging me lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:55 PM
(lol)
Kaz nods along "Right! And now, you're lookin' for your da, I take it?" 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 5:02 PM
“Yep!” In Common “That's another story for another time though.”
“What about you, what are you looking for? Your um... Patron? What Zug said.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:05 PM
She rubs at the back of her neck awkwardly "Yeah. I don't know much about warlocks in general, but I know there's usually strings attached to getting magic from something else. And it chose to stay connected to me. I'd like to at least ask it why" 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 5:08 PM
Nevaeh continues as if Kaz had asked for her opinion “Not all warlocks are bad, you know. It's like how Tieflings are looked down on. You can't always...choose. You seem really nice and that counts for something.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:10 PM
She blushes "Thanks. I know they're not all bad. I've heard that there's one in the High Forest who serves Titania. But I know some people see it as witchcraft, so I didn't want to tell anybody I knew until I knew what my pact meant" 
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 5:18 PM
“Do you have an idea of where you need to go?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:20 PM
She grimaces "Eh... one. But hopefully I can find the information I need here"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 5:34 PM
“Oh yeah. This place is definitely something else. Can't put my finger on it. Don't want to really, very dirty in here.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 5:35 PM
"It feels sad. Clearly something awful happened here." she looks over at the nothic corpse "I wonder what it was"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 5:55 PM
It feels beyond the help of the Moonmaiden...forgotten maybe. That is sad.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 6:32 PM
Kaz takes a thoughtful bite of her stew "Well... it's not beyond our help. We can still do something about this place, even if it's just to remember who used to be here." 
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/03/2022
“whaddya mean Kaz? what's your idea? i want mechanus, nev wants celestia... where is your destiny?”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/04/2022
"Well, I wouldn't say I want to go, exactly, but..." she sighs. "I'm pretty sure my patron is from a place called the Far Realm"
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/05/2022
“Gosh Kaz… far realm? Sounds kinda spooky. How far is it really?”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 04/05/2022
Odo staring at his reflector in the delicious bowl of stew stops chowing down for a bit
"Zug, reckon ya done happen to know, is Stinkmagot still alive?" 
Odo rips a piece of Zugs cupcakes off and dips in the stew 
Tries a bite
"Kaz, reckon the stew is mighty tasty, done figure the cupcakes be a nice treat too! Not too sure bout having these here cupcakes take a plunge into the stew is a winning combination however but they good.in their own rights.  Your father make this stew often?"
Odo puts the spoon back down in the bowl of stew.
"Nevaeh, your momma is mighty strong, reckon I always knew I'd never wanna be on her bad side"
Odo chuckles
"But when they fought alongside the small brief stories I've heard of what they faced together - I feel like Rosaradrath, that ole Dragon ain't much in comparison to what they had to deal with."
Odo takes a big spoonful of stew and relaxes back a bit eating it
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/05/2022
“You're not wrong there, Odo.”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/05/2022
“Golly, I dunno about Stinkmaggot. He’s prolly still cracking the whip over there at the Rakshasa’s lair. I don’t have any plans to go back and find out though, that’s for sure.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/05/2022
Kaz looks over at Zuggtboy. "Distance between planes is a bit hard to measure, but best anyone can tell it's past even the outer planes." She stands, drawing a simple planar diagram on the chalkboard. "There's a few different ways to draw the planar system, but I've always preferred the Great Wheel model. This is a bit of a simplified version. We're here, in the center." She points to the circle labeled 'Prime Material.' "The Far Realm would be out here, past the outermost circle. It usually isn't even drawn on planar maps, partly because it's so far away that it's very difficult to reach, and partly because from what I've heard, it's very dangerous to visit." 
She sits back down, picking up her stew again and smiling as she turns to Odo. "My dad made stew whenever the weather turned cold and frosty. It's a bit odd to eat it in the spring, but I suppose there's no rule that you can't eat stew whenever you feel like it." She watches Odo dip a cupcake into the stew, a bit weirded out. "I don't think we ever tried dippin' cupcakes in it, but maybe it tastes good with the mushrooms?"
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/05/2022
“Yeah… it tastes pretty good with the birthday mushcakes… I guess…” zug softly sets down his stew bowl and birthday mushcake. He digs out Heather’s birthday bracelet and fiddles with it in a sort of pensive affection 
“Ya know this is gonna sound stupid and maybe a little bit crazy, but I kinda miss Heather.
She wasn’t with us long, sure, but she always loved to have fun, she was always down for a good time.
And believe it or not, she had a bit of a shy side. Did you guys realize she was so nervous about meeting you that she lost her head? Literally, it fell the fuck off. But did she give up? Nope! She kept holding those birthday mushcakes so that everyone could enjoy their sweet, savory, carb-laden, sporific goodness. She spent her whole life like that, standing there outside our hut, just trying to celebrate the miracle of friendship and make people smile.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/05/2022
Kaz toasts Heather with her stew spoon "Truly an inspiration"
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/05/2022
Zug smiles in weary mirth, and raises his own spoon. “To Heather.”
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — 04/06/2022
Odo raises his spoon "To Heather!"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/06/2022
squints "I guess. To Heather."
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — 04/07/2022
sitting on the Abracadabras chest and carelessly paddling his legs in the air in idyllic restlessness, Zug ponders aimlessly 

"Hey Nevaeh... from one devotee to another, I was wondering... how does it work for clerics? Did Selune choose you or did you choose Selune? Did you seek her out, or did she find you? Is it just a family tradition, is your bloodline hand-picked from the beginning of whenever? I'd ask Kaz the same question about her patron, but by now I understand she's got as many questions about it as anyone, and the only answers might have to be fetched from the FARRRRR REALMMMMMMmmmm..." 

with druidcraft sorcery and a playful spooky voice, zug shakes his head to release a small cloud of dark spores that coalesce in front of him into an amorphous portrait of a void-like elf, a rendering of Kaz into his imaginations of the Far Realm based on what he understands so far 
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — 04/07/2022
Kaz stares “That… is an uncannily accurate depiction of what could happen if one stays in the Far Realm too long”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/07/2022
(pretty)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — 04/07/2022
“I think it's a little bit of everything, all rolled into one. I think Selune is the reason my mom met my dad, it was the happiest she's ever been, or so I was told. And um, then I came along and felt the call to put my efforts into selune's work as well, as a protector. It all just kind of fits I guess, ya know?”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 2:50 PM
“yeah, i think so. i mean, i feel a calling that urges me toward Psilofyr. Justice. Balance. you know, the whole druid vibe. and this time, i really feel like it's the magical mycelia of Psilofyr reaching out to guide me, reaching out through the ether of the planes, and definitely not an alkilith from Juiblex. hehe. kuuuuuuuuuuuuu” Zug throws his head back, laughing a bit at his own expense. and then, taking a more serious tone...

“Would be great to get to get to mechanus just to make like, 1010% percent sure though. ku.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 2:58 PM
Kaz shrugs “Whatever I made contact with chose me, but if it’s tried to guide me since that first vision, I haven’t picked up on it”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 3:05 PM
“Well, do you ever commune or pray or meld with it? that's one thing i learned from the myconids. did you know they spend like 8 hours a day melding? talk about endurance...”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Today at 3:59 PM
“I would help you, if you wanted to try Kaz. I mean, I think me and Zug could both help guide you. Would be good to have some backup. Since there's still a lot of unknowns.”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 4:22 PM
Kaz smiles “I… yes, I’d like to try. Once we sit down to rest for the night, perhaps. Thank you”
Zuggtboy "Zug" Smutwhisper — Today at 4:34 PM
“Well I know one kenku who’s excited for a seance!”
