    • The aboleth mage begins to pursue the Starglimmer, and the party. Smutlana suddenly surges awake (with a nat20 initiative), lying on the bloody metal floor of the weapons bay. Above her is the open hatch, the pool of water (held back by the ship’s air envelope), the aboleth’s tentacles drawing closer, and the chamber ceiling. She reaches over and heals Odo awake, and he staggers to his feet, takes up the ballista, and fires at the aboleth.
    • Kaz feeds Nevaeh a health potion, then crouches out of reach of the aboleth’s tentacles. Nevaeh, still Feebleminded from the aboleth’s spell, tries to jump out the hatch and fight it directly, but Kaz grabs her before she can get out.
    • The summoned star spawn draws closer as well. Kaz uses the Wall of Light to blast at it as Cpt Cloudsilver calls for “full reverse”
        ◦ Wall of light got used on the 17th and will re-up in a month.
    • The ship is just faster than the aboleth and the star spawn, and after a few tense minutes we lose them in the kelp forest. We flee as fast as possible. The party climbs back through the hatch and onto the bridge. Cpt Cloudsilver comes to check on us, and is worried to see Nevaeh not acting like herself. Lana chimes in with “We were fighting an incredibly powerful psionic creature, and it did give her the dumb.”
    • We see Rezzoradrath’s body sinking from beneath the temple. The crew is incredibly impressed that we killed him. We also discuss recovering his hoard.
    • Cpt Cloudsilver explains that he saw a large flock of aquatic demons circling around the temple after we went in and he became concerned. He and the crew also saw another entrance on the wall of the iceberg. That aboleth seemingly teleported in (presumably in response to an alarm set off by all the dragon fire) and opened a large tunnel door, so he and the crew followed after it.
        ◦ he doesn’t think he was seen by the demons, but he could be mistaken.
    • We retreat back through the vortex and into the Ethereal Plane. The crew takes Nev to the sickbay.
        ◦ Kaz goes with Nev, since Nev has taken care of her while she’s insane many times.
    • While we’re resting in the sickbay, the head surgeon notices that Odo’s skin is starting to become translucent and slimy. He wants to be wet, and starts pouring the water from his canteen onto himself. Not being completely submerged starts to hurt him, so Lana guides him to the swimming pool.
        ◦ Lana: “Kaz! In your journal, have you ever recorded Odo wanting to take a bath?”
        ◦ Kaz recalls hearing that aboleths turn victims into Scum, and that they do so through some magical disease carried by their tentacles. Lesser Restoration or a Remove Curse spell should reverse the effects.
    • We rest for the evening, totally exhausted. The following day, Lana casts Greater Restoration on Nev and Lesser Restoration on Odo (tapping him with her foot, to avoid touching him as much as possible). Kaz helps deep clean the pool, which has become slimy and scummy overnight.
        ◦ Kaz decides to wait for the following evening to contact Exilicor about the Conduit, since she’s exhausted, one of only two party members fit to fight, and the only one in the party with any magic left.
    • Before we leave, Kaz finds the Captain to thank him for coming to save the party from certain death. She also tells him that Nev likes him back, then winks and turns to leave. His eyes widen, and she just manages to catch his reaction before he can hide it. He’s mostly neutral and unreadable, but there’s a flicker of joy, then a flicker of fear, then back to an even-keeled expression. Kaz recalls that Nev told her about the Captain’s crazy ex Morgana, and assumes that’s the reason for his fear.
        ◦ We suspect that either Cpt Cloudsilver or one of the WV sold us out to Asger, since he knew exactly where to find us and what we were doing at the temple. We decide we can trust the Captain, since he could’ve sold us out to Asger when we were weak.
            ▪ Suspects present at the WV meeting where we realized how we could destroy the Conduit: Torbold, Ganth, Meilli, Leltora, Boswell, Jessir, Dash, Kezzekak, Leehan, Doth, Niamh, Leagair, and the party
            ▪ One can’t scry someone in a demiplane unless they’re also in that demiplane. Furthermore, if someone scries on one of our companions, Psilofyr’s gift would still prevent us from showing up in that scrying spell.
            ▪ John TURNED HIS CAMERA OFF when we brought this up
    • Separately, Nev tells Cloudsilver that we’re worried there’s a mole who revealed our plans to Asger, and Cloudsilver promises not to say or do anything that could reveal us or our plans. She also thanks him for coming to save us and gives him a kiss on the cheek. He seems happy, but he reasserts that he can’t get romantically involved with anyone because of Morgana, that if it were a normal battle he’d have fought her long ago, and if Nev had seen what he’d seen from Morgana, she’d understand. She asks if she can get the rest of the party involved and he seems very conflicted. “Perhaps. Let’s discuss it more when we see each other next. Preparations will have to be made for her arrival. She knows.” Nev asks how Morgana could possibly know, and Cloudsilver says that he thinks that Morgana has placed an unremovable curse on him. They agree to discuss it later.
        ◦ She can tell that he obviously likes her back, but is forcing himself not to say it. He’s also concerned that he’s causing her pain by saying “no.”
    • Cpt Cloudsilver lets us know that the Starglimmer would need heavy repairs and wouldn’t be available for a while, but he and his crew stood ready to help us. We say goodbye to him and the rest of the crew, then Kaz Planeshifts the party to the Grayvale mountains, at the bottom of the active volcano where Rezzoradrath’s lair was located. Smutlana jabs her feet into the earth to cast Commune With Nature twice over 20 minutes and feels the hyphy from the subterranean mycotic network feeding her information in a 3 mile radius.
        ◦ Are there any powerful fiends or elementals in the area?: yes
        ◦ What kinds?: Powerful elementals
        ◦ What kind of elementals?: Magma elementals
        ◦ Where is the entrance to Rezzoradrath’s lair?: (she learns the entrance)
        ◦ Is there more than one entrance?: Yes. One involves swimming through lava. The other is a cave.
    • We head up the mountain. A small, unnatural creature flies off as we pass, and Kaz reactively blasts it to death in case it’s a spy. We reach the cave entrance, with teeth-like stalactites at the entrance. Kaz casts Detect Magic and detects an abjuration spell guarding the door, which Lana dispels.
    • We descend into the dim tunnel, with flickering firelight at the end of it. We reach the source of the light – a wall of roiling flame blocking the path. Kaz can see that the fire isn’t magical, though Lana can tell it isn’t exactly natural – there’s a bit of metal grating along the floor of the cave, through which the fire is emanating. Nev blasts the wall with her decanter of endless water so that the rest of the party has a small gap to jump through. Odo and Lana make it through first, but just before Kaz can hop across to join them, several mutated trolls enter their chamber.
        ◦ Some of the trolls have arms with dragon scales and claws growing on them. The blue one is a spirit troll, which can walk through walls. The ugly puss-covered one is a poison troll.
        ◦ Kaz thinks quickly and uses Sickening Radiance to block off the majority of the trolls from rushing the party while they deal with the closest three.
        ◦ Kaz saves against something awful that the spirit troll tries to inflict on her


    • Kaz investigates the doors on the other side of the room, and the two plinths flanking it. On top of one of the plinths is the legs of a shattered statues. The remaining bit of shoe on one of the statues suggests it was of a dwarven figure. It also looks like there was recently some other statue that was on top of the dwarf statue, that was removed for some reason. The door once had some carvings on it that have been hacked away, leaving draconic runes in their place. Lana can  read that the runes were praising Rezzoradrath. Nev casts Find Traps, but doesn’t detect any around the door.
    • We press forward through a twisting, turning passageway. Nev leads the group flying 5ft above the ground, so Odo is the one to trigger a pit trap with spiked metal walls designed to sandwich any unlucky passersby. He just barely manages to pull himself back as the floor gives way. From then on, Nev takes the multi-rod, turns it into a 10ft pole, and prods the floor with it. Kaz uses Mage Hand to do the same.
    • We come to another bright chamber. A narrow path passes through a lava lake. Kaz recalls that Lana sensed magma elementals earlier and doesn’t want to cross, so Lana starts to commune with nature again. Three minutes into her ritual, we get our answer as two magma elementals emerge and start moving toward us. Nev quickly casts Etherealness (which lasts for 8hr) on all of us, and we disappear from view. The magma elementals wade back into the lava and disappear.
        ◦ Kaz: “The border Ethereal! And it’s not even my birthday! Thank you Nev!”
    • We cross the cavern and continue down more tunnels until we reach a square-shaped masonry room, filled with draconic sculptures and decorations. Draconic runes carved into the walls proclaim Rezzoradrath’s greatness. Several doors lead off from the room, but the ones directly across from us are the largest and most grand. They’re partially open. We continue through them and down a hall, passing directly through several closed doors until we run face-first into one.
    • “Hah! We’ve got them!” someone says. Kaz recognizes the voice as Unsarrek, the dragonborn sorcerer whom we fought previously. She and Lana notice a little slit above the door where someone could peek through. Kaz tests if she can pass through the ceiling and floor and finds that she can. The party makes eye contact with one another and simultaneously slip into the unguarded stone for a game of cat and mouse.
Text RP
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:05 PM
To go back just a bit in time: I'd like to think that if Kaz was keeping an eye on Nev all night while she was at peak bimbo status then Nev tried to make her cuddle that night, if she allowed it, cuz it would be like being scared but not knowing why I feel like. So just seeking comfort. Cuz having the dumb is scary and Kaz understands it. Also, while we were traveling she would have told Kaz and Lana (knowing Odo isn't interested lol) about what the Captain said when she pulled him aside, about Morgana, and also told them everything she told him so they're in the loop on what he knows about now.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:08 PM
Kaz would absolutely let Nev cuddle with her that night. She probably reads to her from her journal, since it's the only book she has and she knows Nev won't understand it anyway.
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:13 PM
yay!
I didn't get cheek squishes but I can get cuddles at least.
eyy Nev might not understand the journal on a good day.
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:16 PM
(It's half logbook about what happened and half extremely technical details about the planes)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:17 PM
so I'm correct lol
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:08 PM
When Nevaeh describes the Captain's worries about Morgana, she purses her lips. "I mean, I'm willin' to help him of course, it goes without sayin'. But I think he's right. She sounds like a very powerful, very dangerous enemy, and it would be very unwise to go in unprepared"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:16 PM
"Yeah, and I guess in the grand scheme of things I should focus on our other issues. My um… dating life isn't important when my dad is missing and the world is ending."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:17 PM
She shrugs. "It's not like you can't care about more than one person. And besides, your da would want ye to be happy"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:18 PM
"Imagine that meeting. ‘Hey dad, good to have you back, here's my boyfriend I met while I was searching for you, want to help us kill a pirate that has a curse on him?’ Good bonding time."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:20 PM
Kaz grins. "At least it's better than 'Hey da, I'm glad the madman who's hunting me down didn't hurt ye. Also, I've got some sort of a contract with an unfathomable being from beyond the known universe and I can do magic now.' Though, in my da's defense, he did take it rather well"
"Honestly, if your da came with us to kill Morgana, I think we'd have a walk through the meadow"
Smutlana "Lana" Smutwhisper — Yesterday at 10:21 PM
“Branaris seems like he’d be down”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:21 PM
"He'll probably be okay with anything as long as you're safe, and then we can bring your mom back."
"that'll cure all wounds"
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:32 PM
She smiles softly. "I'd like that. I'm just sorry I can't be as safe as he'd like me to be."
"Still, we'll get my ma and your da back. And we'll all live happy lives once all of this is over"
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:35 PM
"Hey, you were the only one to make it out of that Dragon fight. That's an incredible feat."
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:41 PM
“Well, technically it was because you all stood between him and me. But thank ye”
“And don’t sell yourselves short either! Lana, you and Odo were incredible, flyin’ up to Rezzoradrath like that!”
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Today at 10:13 PM
She turns back to Nevaeh. "Did the Captain say what sort of skills Morgana and her crew have?”
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:22 PM
(good question, I did not ask)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:23 PM
(we can ask him with Sending later)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:36 PM
(I wonder if he'll even say cuz he like...does not want Nev doing that lol)
Kasma "Kaz" Planewalker — Yesterday at 10:36 PM
(true, but he also implied she was coming back, so...)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 10:38 PM
(oh yeah, should probably dig into that a bit more)
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:02 PM
channel gets renamed to “bonk-squad”
(bonk-squad is a great name. Ahahaha)
Nevaeh (Alicia) — Yesterday at 11:03 PM
that's actually the horny bonk, but still applies.
Odo Falcanspur (Mike) — Yesterday at 11:05 PM
(luuuuuuuuuulllllllll 🤣😂😆)
