Monsters of the Mine
The party stood before the fungus-studded creature that had forced its way through the mine tunnels. It hung from the ceiling, long white tentacles slowly reaching out, then suddenly slamming out at the party. Kaz was fascinated, immediately reaching for her journal to see if she’d ever encountered anything like the creature before, only to suddenly remember it was a fight when its tentacle landed on Zuggtboy (she rolled a nat 1 on initiative). Kaz, Odo, Zuggtboy, and Lyesgiel traded blows with the beast, spilling its blue blood across the stone. There was a brief moment of panic when Pooh the dog ran inside and started barking at the abomination, followed by his little boy. Odo yelled at Blackmore and Orenson to snap out of their panicked prayers and save the child. Orenson managed to grab the boy and run outside to deliver him to his panicking mother – Emy Applehill, the woman who had served the party ale earlier that evening. Finally, after having been beaten almost to the point of unconsciousness, Odo slashed the creature across the jugular, killing it.
The head of the town guard and Odo’s trainer, Sir Gondrian, rushed in just as the beast fell. He stammered at the party in disbelief, shocked that they’d not only survived but had also managed to kill the beast. Lady Rhydell followed shortly after, equally stunned. Odo greeted them with a tired smile as he leaned on his sword for balance, while Lyesgiel saw to his bow, Zuggtboy dissected the creature and took mushroom samples, and Kaz took rapid notes on his work. As he worked, Zuggtboy got the visceral sense that the mushrooms were an evil, separate entity that had controlled the creature, even as his samples rapidly decayed into nothing. He was convinced that the mushrooms were the work of Zuggtmoi, a demoness whom his god Psilofyr had warned him about in the past.
Steadily, the rest of the townsfolk gathered to see what had happened and to help treat the wounded. Serval Demsby, the chief miner, explained that he and his missing miner search party had been exploring a large cave when they heard a strange noise from a side tunnel. One of his workers, a man named Xanthos, went to check it out despite discouragement. The strange tentacle creature had appeared and pursued the rescuers to the surface, separating them from Xanthos. Orenson tried to convince Sir Gondrian to enter the mines to rescue those lost within but he refused, stating it wasn’t in his contract to accompany the workers belowground. Hearing the town’s anger and despair, the party volunteered to search the mines for the missing workers the following morning.
While the other three went shopping for gear, Kaz went to interview Orenson about the artifacts. He was still wary of her intentions, but agreed to speak with her privately. Orenson explained that the expedition was excavating a 1500 year old settlement from the late middle period of the Netherese Empire, a magical civilization split into the arcane elite living on enchanted floating islands and those who lived beneath them on the continent. The Empire had collapsed suddenly when their leader Kharsus tried to take control of all magic from the goddess Mystril, creating a gap in the magical  Weave, catastrophically depowering the magic keeping the Netherese islands afloat, and creating the Anarok Desert. Nonetheless, many Netherese artifacts had survived in the terrestrial cities, and Orenson was wary that Kaz would try to steal them for her own ends. She did her best to reassure him that she was only interested in learning from the artifacts, and Orenson reluctantly conceded that he’d be leading the party past the artifacts anyway when he guided them through the mines.
Kaz rejoined the rest of the party and let them know what she’d learned from Orenson. With more information about the dig site itself, the party decided to visit Lady Rhydell to see if she could provide any insight into the rapidly decaying mushroom samples Zuggtboy had taken from the tentacle creature. She couldn’t discern much, but she warned Zuggtboy that the mushrooms had abyssal energy all over them. With no other leads to chase, the party rested for the evening.
Orenson was in full professor mode as he guided the party through the mines the next morning. He explained that the archaeological team had excavated the silt filling the original tunnel, then mined until reaching the main settlement ruins. The party followed him through partially reconstructed streets and dwellings, listening as he pointed out interesting historical details. Finally, Orenson stopped just outside an elaborately carve banquet hall on the third level of the dig. Some long ago earthquake had dropped a sheer stone wall onto the stairs leading down to the town’s fourth level, but something had broken through the wall a short distance away, creating another entrance. Orenson explained that the miners had gone missing while exploring the fourth level, and that he would go no further. He said that the tunnel would lead straight to a large open cave, one which had been full of fungal growth until some disturbance in the Underdark caused it to recede. Rumor had it that the dwarves had retaken their city, the Doors of Gondalgrim, from the drow, and those battles had affected the fungus.
Thus warned, the party wound its way down to the fourth level. Trickles of moisture ran down the cave floor, and the walls were completely covered by dead and blackened fungi. Kaz used Shape Water to make the moisture run back uphill and out from underfoot. Odo noticed and stooped down to investigate, fascinated and unaware that Kaz was responsible even as she giggled behind him.
It was a straight shot to the large open cave, which was the furthest any of the miners had ever gone. Dead, blackened fungi covered the walls and ceiling. Zuggtboy could immediately tell that the mushrooms were once part of a greater organism, and that their death hadn’t been natural. He also saw that the person-sized mushrooms in the center of the room were not dead, and would shriek loudly if approached.
Kaz heard voices echoing from the pathway ahead, speaking Elvish with a strange accent. She thought she heard the words “Now! Shoot them!” so she pulled her friends back into the tunnel they’d come down and warned them that it sounded like a group of drow on the warpath. As the only one of the group with darkvision, she slipped around the shrieker mushrooms to get a glimpse down the next tunnel. Ahead were four drow and an ape-like quaggoth, backing away from two more drow and a strange creature. Two of the fleeing drow caught sight of the party’s torchlight, split off to investigate, spied the party, and cried out “Surface dwellers!” 
The fight was quick, but brutal. The drow set off the shriekers as they entered, deafening anyone near the center of the chamber. Spells, arrows, and poisoned crossbow bolts flew through the air. One bolt struck Zuggtboy, the poison knocking him unconsious. One of the drow nearly managed to kill him before Odo slayed the attacker.
Once all the drow lay dead, the party rushed to Zuggtboy’s side. They managed to shake him awake just as one of the pursuing cordyceps drow walked out of the tunnel, followed by a mushroom creature. The creature released its rapport spores, allowing the party to communicate with it telepathically. “Softers! Whence did you come?” it asked. Zuggtboy recognized the creature as a myconid, and excitedly explained that he himself was an acolyte of Psilofyr from the surface world, and that he was “down with the mushrooms.” The myconid happily welcomed him and the rest of the party to the Underdark, offering to take them all back to his home in Dankseep Colony. The party agreed, some more enthusiastically than others.
As he walked away from the battle site, Zuggtboy felt a sensation in the back of his mind, almost like a voice saying “Zuggtmoi must die!” He felt a sense of unease crawl up his spine, but continued forward after the myconid.

